
Microsoft has launched a new Windows software-themed ugly sweater on its Xbox Gear Shop dedicated to the infamous Windows game Minesweeper.
It’s well done: not only is the whole Minesweeper level shaped like a Christmas tree, but it’s also got mines masquerading as snowflakes and “buttons” to minimize the window or exit the game if you so desire, plus the classic wavy Windows logo that hearkens back to Windows 3.1. (If you’re wondering why the sweater has “1990” remaining mines, that’s a reference to the year Minesweeper first came out.)


Whatchu know about Minesweeper? #UglyChristmasSweater #WindowsUglySweater pic.twitter.com/nWnn42uyw2— Marques Brownlee (@MKBHD) November 29, 2021



This is Microsoft’s second year of Windows-themed ugly sweaters. Last year, the company released three ugly sweater designs, including one garment based on the timeless MS Paint application, which humorously looked as if it were designed in that very app. In 2020, Microsoft donated a portion of the proceeds from each sweater to Girls Who Code; this year, the company appears to be giving a lump sum of $100,000 to the AbleGamers charity for gamers with disabilities.
Microsoft is selling the Minesweeper ugly sweater for the explosive price of $74.99 — $5 more expensive than last year’s designs. The sweaters sold out in 24 hours last year with a late December restock, so if you want to look like a pro at flagging mines this holiday, then get one soon.

Microsoft is tacking on a “buy now, pay later” extension to Edge that prompts users to use short-term financing service Zip (formerly QuadPay) when making a purchase on the browser. 
The option to sign up and use Zip will appear on checkout pages
The company introduced the service earlier this month, and now some users are reportedly seeing it integrated into their browsers after updating to Edge version 96, as noted by Ars Technica. The option to sign up and use Zip will be displayed on checkout pages, appearing in the same area where you’d enter your credit card number on Edge (or access a previously used one), and will sometimes be ingrained in the checkout page itself. Zip will pop up when Edge detects that your purchase costs between $35 and $1,000, the price range that the service can cover.
While Zip lets you make purchases without spending anything upfront, this comes in exchange for four interest-free payments over a six-week period. Even still, the service technically isn’t free — it charges $1 for every payment you make, meaning you’ll end up spending $4 more on your purchase, no matter the price. 
Edge will give you the option to pay through Zip by default, whether the store even offers the option or not. On a Microsoft support page, the company indicates that merchants will actually have to contact Microsoft if they don’t want customers using the service.


Microsoft added Buy Now Pay Later into Edge (and so Windows 10 and 11 base OS), a thing which is known to be abused to harm people. The tags on the post on Microsoft’s website say it all. Keep speaking out. pic.twitter.com/wsujv2VdWN— Kevin Beaumont (@GossiTheDog) November 30, 2021



The feature has come under heavy criticism, with some users upset about the extra bloatware slowing down their browsing experience and others concerned about the potential financial ramifications on users, especially for those who struggle to manage their credit. “Buy now, pay later” services have also been a target for criminals, who can exploit them to score free goods, as they typically don’t check credit scores.
Plus, Edge already has built-in promo code and coupon alerts, as well as product price comparisons that pop up while you’re shopping. Microsoft even goes out of its way to explain that it doesn’t collect a fee for using Zip, so it’s unclear why the company is opting both buyers and sellers into an offer no one asked for.

Amazon is facing new questions over failed COVID protections in its fulfillment centers, spurred on by New York Attorney General Letitia James. After more than a year of protests from workers and inquiries from legislators, James is now seeking a court order to require Amazon to appoint a monitor to oversee health and safety measures at its warehouse on Staten Island. As part of the same motion, James asked the company to reinstate fired worker Christian Smalls, who led public protests against Amazon last year, accusing the company of failing to keep employees from contracting the virus at work.
According to James, Amazon has rolled back many of its health and safety measures at the warehouse, known as JFK8. The Staten Island warehouse, which employs roughly 5,000 people, has been the site of an ongoing tug of war between Amazon and its employees.
“Amazon and its leadership banked billions of dollars during the COVID-19 pandemic, and as the crisis rages on, the health and concerns of the workers continue to be ignored,” James said in a statement. “Amazon must guarantee a work environment that promotes safety, transparency, and respect for its hardworking employees, not one that further endangers them.”
In February, Amazon pre-emptively sued the New York AG’s office, saying the office lacked the legal authority to demand legal remedies for the company’s handling of COVID-19 conditions at JFK8. James’ office filed suit against the company four days later, alleging Amazon failed to protect its warehouse employees in the early days of the coronavirus pandemic and retaliated against workers who raised concerns about what they viewed as insufficient safety measures.
Workers at Amazon’s JKF8 warehouse said in March 2020 that they didn’t have enough protective equipment and were not informed if their co-workers tested positive for the coronavirus. 


    Related
  
Warehouse workers are forcing Amazon to take COVID-19 seriously

Amazon fired several workers who protested the conditions, including Smalls, after the workers staged public protests. Amazon said at the time that Smalls and the other workers were not fired for protesting but for violating social distancing rules. James sought an investigation by the National Labor Relations Board, calling Smalls’ firing “disgraceful.” 
James says in the latest motion, filed in New York’s state Supreme Court, that Amazon “unlawfully fired and disciplined workers who reported their concerns about the company’s compliance with these health and safety mandates, including Christian Smalls.” James is also seeking a court order to reinstate Smalls on an interim basis, pending the outcome of the lawsuit. The suit claims Smalls’ firing served as intimidation to other employees who may be afraid to come forward with additional concerns.
James also alleges that Amazon violated state law when it failed to conduct adequate cleaning protocols, according to an investigation by her office, and that its contact tracing program failed to identify workers who had come into contact with others who tested positive for the virus.
The motion asks the court to order Amazon to change how it monitors employees’ productivity to allow time for cleaning and social distancing and require the company to adopt adequate disinfection protocols when an infected worker has been in the facility. The AG’s office also wants the company to institute better COVID-19 contact tracing protocols, which would include notifying close contacts of infected workers. The suit seeks to have a court-appointed monitor oversee these changes.
Amazon spokesperson Kelly Nantel said in a statement to The Verge that the company had incurred more than $15 billion in costs as part of a “comprehensive approach to COVID-19 safety” measures, to support customers and employees. “It’s disappointing that the Attorney General is seeking to politicize the pandemic by asking for ‘emergency’ relief now despite having filed this lawsuit nine months ago,” Nantel continued, adding that the company had “listened to and learned from the experts.”
Update: November 30th 7:11 PM ET: Adds statement from Amazon spokesperson




Qualcomm has a new flagship smartphone processor: the Snapdragon 8 Gen 1, announced at the company’s annual Snapdragon Tech Summit, giving an early preview at the brains behind the most powerful smartphones of 2022. 
The successor to last year’s Snapdragon 888, the Snapdragon 8 Gen 1 is the first chipset to bear Qualcomm’s new naming scheme (which the company had previously teased last week), ditching the triple-digit numbering system that Qualcomm has previously used for new, generation-based monikers. 
As is the case every year, Qualcomm is promising some major improvements in the Snapdragon 8 Gen 1, with better performance, camera technology, AI capabilities, security, and 5G. 
20 percent better CPU performance and up to 30 percent CPU power efficiency
Let’s start with the hard specs. As expected, the Snapdragon 8 Gen 1 is the first chip from Qualcomm to use the latest Armv9 architecture from Arm. Specifically, the new eight-core Kryo CPU will feature a single prime core based on the Cortex-X2 at 3.0GHz, along with three performance cores based on Cortex-A710 at 2.5GHz, and a quartet of efficiency cores based on the Cortex-A510 design at 1.8GHz. Additionally, the new chip jumps to a 4nm process, from the 5nm process on which the Snapdragon 888 was built. 
All told, Qualcomm promises that the Snapdragon 8 Gen 1 will offer up to 20 percent better performance and up to 30 percent more power efficiency over last year’s model. 
Meanwhile, the new Adreno GPU (much like the Gen 1’s Kryo CPU, Qualcomm didn’t give a specific number for the updated hardware here) promises to offer 30 percent faster graphics rendering, in addition to 25 percent better power efficiency compared to the Snapdragon 888. It’ll also offer a new GPU control panel for fine-tuning how games are running on your phone. 










Image: Qualcomm


Making its debut on the Snapdragon 8 Gen 1 is Qualcomm’s Snapdragon X65 modem, which promises a whole suite of 5G features and firsts. As Qualcomm’s fourth-generation 5G modem, it builds on the existing mmWave and sub-6GHz compatibility that came before, adding support for up to 10Gbps speeds and the latest 3GPP Release 16 specification. As is always the case, you almost certainly won’t actually see that kind of speed in the real world.
The Snapdragon 8 Gen 1 also supports Wi-Fi 6 and Wi-Fi 6E, Bluetooth LE Audio (a first for Qualcomm), and the company’s Snapdragon Sound technology for enabling AptX Lossless wireless audio. 
18-bit RAW photos and 8K HDR video — if your camera can handle it
As is traditional for Qualcomm’s top-tier processor, the company is putting a big emphasis on its beefed-up camera capabilities, which the company is bundling together for the first time under a new “Snapdragon Sight” brand. 
While the Spectra ISP is once again a triple ISP system, the Snapdragon 8 Gen 1 upgrades things up to an 18-bit system (up from 14 bits on the 888). That translates to 4,096 times more camera data and up to four additional stops of dynamic range for very bright or very dark scenarios. The triple ISP (image signal processor) also allows for things like shooting 240 12-megapixel photos in a single second or simultaneously shooting in 8K with HDR while snapping 64-megapixel stills thanks to an increased 3.2-gigapixel per second throughput.  
Qualcomm is also offering more high-end camera features out of the box, including support for shooting in 8K video with HDR 10 Plus and shooting in 18-bit RAW (assuming your phone has the camera hardware to actually pull it off). 
The 8 Gen 1 also features a variety of other imaging improvements, including better dark mode pictures that can use data from up to 30 images in a single shot (up from six images on the 888). There’s also a host of better AI processing techniques, with improved auto-exposure, auto-focus, and auto-face detection technology, a dedicated “bokeh engine” for adding portrait effects to 4K video, and an “ultrawide engine” that can de-warp and remove chromatic aberrations from shots. 










Qualcomm is also adding a fourth ISP, located in the dedicated sensing hub on the SoC: unlike the triple ISP for the primary camera, the new ISP is designed specifically to power an always-on camera that’s active at all times. Qualcomm has some big ambitions for what developers can do with the always-on camera, like automatically shutting off your screen when you put your phone down or if it detects someone trying to read over your shoulder. 
And while the idea of an always-on camera raises some obvious security concerns, Qualcomm argues that the feature is intended to help make using your device more secure, with any camera data for the always-on camera staying locally on-device in the chip’s secure enclave. Additionally, customers will be able to opt in to using the always-on camera, much in the same way that they can choose whether to use an always-listening microphone feature for voice assistants. 
Still, though, the added capability — and how manufacturers implement it into their devices, if they do at all — will be something to watch when the first chips with the Snapdragon 8 Gen 1 roll out. 
On the AI side of things, the Snapdragon 8 Gen 1 features Qualcomm’s latest Hexagon processor, with its seventh-generation AI engine, which the company says is four times faster than its predecessor and up to 1.7 times more power efficient. 
The company showed off a variety of use cases that the boosted AI performance can enable, including the aforementioned camera functionality, a “Leica Leitz Look mode” that emulates Leica lens effects, and improved detection of where you’re holding your phone for optimizing antenna performance. Additionally, Qualcomm is adding AI-powered sampling to offer a DLSS-style effect for improving mobile games, something that it says will happen automatically when gaming on the 8 Gen 1. 
Four times better AI performance compared to last year’s model
Lastly, there are security improvements. The Snapdragon 8 Gen 1 adds a new hardware-level layer of security with a “dedicated Trust Management Engine,” in addition to offering support for the Android Ready SE standard, enabling support for digital car keys, driver’s licenses, IDs, and e-money wallets. There’s also built-in iSIM support for directly connecting to cellular networks. 
Despite the new branding, the Snapdragon 8 Gen 1 doesn’t appear to break the mold for Qualcomm’s chips, offering the usual generational upgrades we’ve come to expect from the company’s annual flagships. Still, in a world where bespoke chips like Google’s Tensor or Apple’s A-series processors are becoming increasingly popular, it’s good to see that Qualcomm has no intention of slowing the pace on its own top chips, even as the competition heats up. 
And with the first Snapdragon 8 Gen 1 smartphones expected before the end of 2021, it won’t be long before we’ll be able to see just how powerful Qualcomm’s latest chip is for ourselves. 

Twitch is furthering its efforts to reduce harassment with a new tool that uses machine learning to detect people who may be attempting to evade bans. It’s the company’s latest addition to combat things like hate raids, where streamers’ chats are overrun with trolls sending hateful messages.
The new tool, called Suspicious User Detection, can identify users as “likely” or “possible” people who have evaded bans from a streamer’s channel. The machine learning model powering the tool identifies potential evaders by evaluating things such as their behavior and characteristics about their account and compares that information against accounts that have been banned from a streamer’s channel.
Messages from “likely” evaders won’t be sent to chat, but streamers and their mods can see them. Streamers and mods can choose to monitor a likely ban evader, which adds that user to a monitoring list and puts a message next to a user’s name noting the monitoring (as shown in the GIF below), or ban them. “Possible” evaders’ messages will appear in chat, but streamers / mods can opt to have those messages blocked from chat as well. 








Twitch says it will turn Suspicious User Detection on by default, but streamers can tweak or turn off the tool if they want. Streamers and mods can also manually select to monitor users of whom they are suspicious.
“This tool was inspired in large part by community feedback around the need for better ways to curb ban evaders,” Alison Huffman, Twitch’s director of product for community health, said in a statement to The Verge. “When we were speaking with mods about their pain points, we heard that it can be hard to distinguish whether a user who chatted something that violated their channel’s norms was a harmful, repeat harasser or just a newer viewer who hadn’t learned that channel’s customs yet. As such, we designed this tool to give mods and creators more information about potential ban evaders so they could make more efficient and informed decisions within their channel.”
Suspicious User Detection seems like it could make a difference in silencing hateful individuals, especially if used in tandem with recently introduced controls that let a streamer require phone or email verification for accounts participating in chat. But it remains to be seen how effective Suspicious User Detection actually will be in practice or if ban evaders can find ways to get around the tool.

Meta has delivered a new batch of features for Quest headsets in an update rolling out today. The changes include cloud backups, a mixed reality camera mode, and other settings that round out the Quest’s already impressive feature set.
I’m most excited about the cloud backups feature, which gives you a way to restore user-specific data to your apps, including game saves and headset settings, if you need to replace, update, or reset your Quest. This is one of those things that I’m surprised the Quest didn’t support already, and I found out the hard way that it didn’t a few weeks ago. Nevertheless, I’m glad that it’s here now. It can be activated within the “Device” tab in the settings menu.
 








The mixed reality camera also seems really cool. Unlike the Live Overlay feature that arrived in v29 that imposed your body over a first-person view of a game or app, the new feature lets you see yourself interacting in the game world from a third-person perspective, as seen through your phone’s camera. The GIF provided by Meta that we’ve embedded shows what the end result can look like. You’ll be able to see yourself in Beat Saber, for example, striking blocks and dodging obstacles. Meta says that a dozen apps support the feature, including Pistol Whip, Superhot VR, and Synth Riders, but a total of just six were listed at this page at the time of publishing. 
To use the mobile mixed reality camera feature, you need an iPhone XS or newer, running iOS 11 or higher. Support for Android phones and tablets was erroneously included in Meta’s support page for the feature, but it has since been removed. 
The new software also changes where you’ll enable multiuser support, the feature that lets you add multiple Facebook accounts to the headset, and app sharing, which lets you share paid apps among those profiles. They were previously nested within the “experimental features” settings tab, but both are moving to the “Accounts” section of the settings menu. This new v35 software also lays the groundwork for using Messenger to make voice calls while you have the headset on, as well as adding new cosmetic items that can be used in Horizon Workrooms, Meta’s take on a VR office. 
The last note in Meta’s blog on the latest Quest software is that it now has a public test channel for its upcoming software. You can sign up for it here if you want to test new features earlier than the rest of us — although Meta says that you won’t be able to leave it after you join until a new public software update is released.


    Related
  
Will the Oculus Quest still require a Facebook account? It’s complicated 
Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas is coming to Oculus Quest 2...at some point

Correction: Meta told The Verge that its list of devices that are compatible with its new mobile mixed reality camera feature, which included support for all Android tablets and phones, was incorrect, and has been updated. We’ve updated our post to reflect the changes.

Apple device collector Giulio Zompetti has photographed a prototype 29W Apple charging brick, and it may be one of the rare instances where the product-in-progress may look better than the final version. What makes it special is that you can literally see Apple’s design process because of the clear plastic shell, unlike the retail version where the internals are hidden by opaque white plastic.
Zompetti also tweeted another clear prototype, a pair of AirPods that live up to the “Air” name. The retro-futuristic look of the densely packed electronics makes me wish Apple would actually sell see-through gadgets again.


#AirPods, translucent prototype earbuds pic.twitter.com/zE4dt47H0J— Giulio Zompetti (@1nsane_dev) November 30, 2021





29W Apple Charger prototype. pic.twitter.com/h2ZoHCMw0F— Giulio Zompetti (@1nsane_dev) November 23, 2021



Transparent electronics were a (cool) fad in the 90s, with Apple’s own iMac G3 often being brought up by those reminiscing about the age of transparent or translucent electronics, alongside the Nintendo 64 and that Unisonic clear landline phone. But the look does seem to be having a sort of revival: you can buy skins that make it look like you’ve done a transparent mod on your phone (without the risks that come with scraping off the back panel’s paint or plastic), and companies like Nothing are releasing actually see-through gadgets. That’s not to mention the variety of after-market mods for consoles like the Nintendo Switch that let you replace the device’s opaque plastic with a case that shows off the internals. 










Nothing’s Ear 1s look a lot like the prototype AirPods.
Photo by Chris Welch / The Verge












Reddit user Odellot posted a massive collection of see-through gadgets, including a PS5 and DualSense controller.
Image: u/Odellot


These days, it feels unlikely that Apple would actually sell whimsical clear devices — we can barely get colors on pro devices, and the Apple logo hasn’t started glowing again, despite the new MacBook including a refreshed design. But I can hope that Apple will return to its roots if transparent devices start coming back in a big way.
So come on, Apple; your engineers do impressive work, which you love to show off in presentations. Why not let it see the light of day and make us feel like it’s the future again by giving us some transparent accessories? 
If you love seeing the internals of Apple devices, Zompetti also posted pictures of an AirPower prototype earlier this year, showing off some incredible circuitry. You can also check out The Verge’s story on the original iPhone prototype, which looked more like a breadboard electronics project than the pocketable device it would eventually become. 

Location tracking can be very handy — it’s convenient when an app can tell you, say, where the nearby restaurants or gas stations are — but it’s also a privacy issue. Do you want all your wanderings registered by Google? Are you comfortable knowing that Mark Zuckerberg’s minions know where you are at all times? (Well, not that Mark Zuckerberg has minions, but you know what I mean.)
In this article, we’ll take a look at how to stop location tracking on your Android phone (and your Google account) and how to delete your location history from your OS and from some of the more popular apps. As always, note that versions of Android can differ, and many manufacturers use overlays as well, which can change the locations of various commands — but they should be similar enough for you to be able to find your way. For these instructions, I’ve used a Pixel 6 phone running Android 12, but I’ve included some directions for those with earlier versions of Android.
Stop Google from tracking you, period.
You probably know that Google can track your location and movements through its Google Maps app. But you may not realize that your Android phone is also tracking your movements and activities through several other built-in apps.
If you really don’t want your phone to be tracking any of your movements and activities, there is a way to turn tracking off for all (well, most) of them. You just need to be aware that you’re probably going to render many of your apps (such as ride-share apps, weather apps, and, of course, mapping apps) less usable — or in some cases, completely unusable.
Stop Google tracking using a browser
First, we’re going to stop Google from saving your data.

Go to https://myactivity.google.com/.
Under “My Google Activity” you’ll see the buttons for three types of activity: Web & App Activity, Location History, and YouTube History. You can visit each individually by selecting the appropriate button. 











Under “My Google Activity” you’ll see the buttons for three types of activity: Web & App Activity, Location History, and YouTube History.


A more efficient way, though, may be to go to Activity Controls, found in the left-hand menu. This page will show you all three controls on the same page; in addition, you can control ad personalization.










Google’s activity controls let you turn off tracking.



“Web & App Activity” covers anything you’ve done on Google apps and services. You can turn tracking off completely, or choose to keep it on but stop it from saving your history or activity when you use your Chrome browser. You can also turn off “Include audio recordings,” which determines if all your audio interactions with Google and / or Google Assistant are saved.
The other relevant category is, of course, “Location History,” which saves information about where you’ve gone with your device. Also, look for “Devices on this account” and click the down icon to the right; you’ll get a list of all the devices that you have that are currently following your location — since that may include old phones that you are no longer using, this is a good thing to check.
We might as well mention that you can also disable your “YouTube History,” which includes both your search and watch history, and “Ad personalization,” which uses your history to choose which ads you’ll see. 

Okay — you’ve now prevented any more data from being gathered. But you may want to delete all or some of the information that’s already been collected.

Go back to the My Activity page and click on “Delete activity by” in the left-hand menu. 
You’ll get a pop-up window that lets you delete your activity based on time period: the last hour, last day, “All time” (in other words, all dates), or “Custom range” for a specific date range.











A pop-up window lets you delete your activity based on time period.


If you choose “Custom range,” you’ll be able to choose a date range. If you choose “All time,” you can then filter that info depending on services (such as ads, Chrome, Google Play Store, etc.). When you’re ready, click on “Next.”










You can filter your info depending on services.


You’ll then get a preview of some of the activities that will be deleted. If you’re okay with that, select “Delete.”










The last step before you delete your activity.


Incidentally, if you want to make sure that nobody but you can delete your histories, then select the “Manage activity” link under each category in Activity Controls, and look for “Manage My Activity verification.” If you enable that feature, Google will ask for a password any time you want to look at or delete any history in your account.
And if you don’t want to worry about manually deleting your stuff, you can enable auto-delete in each category (you’ll see the option within each category on the Activity Controls page). You’ll have the option to automatically delete your activity after either three, 18, or 36 months.










You can now auto-delete your location history.


Stop Google tracking on an Android device

Go to Settings. In the search box on top, type in “Activity controls” and tap it when it comes up.
If you have more than one Google account, select the one you want to manage.
Here, as with the browser version, you can turn off or pause the monitoring of various activities, including setting auto-delete and managing a timeline of your activity.


 









Android’s Activity Controls are very similar to those on the web.



 









You can select an auto-delete option on your mobile device.




Turn location tracking on and off from the Quick Settings tray
If you want to be able to turn location tracking on or off as you need it, you can do that, too. One way to arrange this is to use the Quick Settings tray (which is what you see when you swipe down from the top of your screen). The tray holds a variety of icons for the most often-used Android features; there is a “Location” icon that lets you toggle the location feature on and off.

Swipe down from the top of the screen. If you’re using Android 12, you’ll see a series of bubbles for things like Bluetooth, Wi-Fi, flashlight, etc. If you’re using Android 11 or earlier, it will be a line of icons. Either way, that’s your Quick Settings tray. Look for the Location icon (usually, it looks like an upside-down drop of water).
Not there? With Android 12, swipe across to see more bubbles; otherwise, swipe down. 
Still missing? Look for a pencil icon; on a Pixel, it will be on the bottom of the tray, but some Android interfaces will have it on top. Tap on the pencil, and the menu will open further. You can now see all the icons that are available. What you want to do is make sure the Location icon is in the easily visible part of the tray.
If your Location icon is in the bottom section, hold and drag it up to the visible group. 

You’ll now be able to quickly swipe down from the top of your screen and toggle Location on and off — for example, if you want to use Google Maps for directions, you can toggle Location on, and then turn it back off when you’re finished.

 









There is a location button in your Quick Settings tray.



 









If the Location button isn’t immediately visible, you can move it up.




Stop location tracking on Android devices
If you don’t feel the need to block Google from recording all your activities, and simply want to stop the phone from recording your location, it’s easy to do — as long as you pay attention to the details: 

Swipe down from the top of the screen so that you see your Quick Settings menu, and long-press on the Location icon — or swipe down, tap the Settings icon, and choose “Location.”
You’re now on the Location page. Find the “Use location” feature at the top and toggle it off. 

You’d think that would be it, wouldn’t you? But you’d be wrong. What is meant by “Use location” in Android depends on which sensors are following the location of the device: besides GPS, it could be Wi-Fi, mobile networks, or other sensors. So before you leave this page, look a little further down. If you’re using Android 12, look for the “Location services” button, otherwise, look for the “Advanced” button and tap on that. 
Either way, you’ll have several categories that you can toggle on or off. These can be (depending on your Android version and your phone’s manufacturer):

Google Emergency Location Service. This tells emergency services where you are if there’s a problem; for example, if your car goes off the road and the ambulance needs to find you. You can turn this off if you want, but read the fine print: “If ELS is off, your mobile carrier may still send device location during an emergency call.”
Google Location Accuracy. This uses Wi-Fi and other services to help pinpoint your location. If you want to turn off “Use location,” you need to make sure this is turned off as well. Any app that requires “precise location” (which I’ll explain in a bit) needs this to be turned on.
Google Location History. This leads you to a page where you can pause your device’s collection of your location history. That doesn’t get rid of what’s already been saved; there are instructions for that a little later in this article.
Google Location Sharing. If you’re sharing your location with family members or friends, you can manage it here.
Wi-Fi scanning. This lets apps and services scan for local Wi-Fi networks, even if you have Wi-Fi turned off.
Bluetooth scanning. This lets apps and services search for Bluetooth devices even if Bluetooth is off. Both this and the Wi-Fi scanning are meant to improve location features.

If you can’t see these last two, go back to the Location page and look for a “Wi-Fi and Bluetooth scanning” link. 

 









On your Location page, select “Location services” to see additional options.



 









It’s a good idea to keep your Emergency Location Service turned on.




Disable location tracking for any specific app
You can find out which apps actually use location tracking and just disable it for those that you feel don’t need it.

Go to the Location page (by long-pressing the Location icon in your Quick Settings tray).
Tap on “App permission” (or, if you’re using Android 12, look for “App location permissions”).
You’ll find here a list of all your current apps that have permission to access your location either all of the time or only while in use. Tap on any to change the permission to either allow all of the time, allow only while in use, ask every time, or deny. You can also decide whether the app will be allowed to use “precise location” — in other words, use more than GPS to determine where you are. For that, “Google Location Accuracy,” also found on the Location page. 

Sometimes when you turn off permissions in the Android Settings, the app itself will continually try to get you to restore that permission. It’s irritating, but unless the app lets you say, “No, leave me alone,” you will either have to live with it or get a different app.

 









App permissions classify apps by which permissions you allow them to have.



 









When you click on a specific app, you can change its permission level.




Delete your location history 
While you can turn off location tracking from your Android phone’s settings, once a service has collected your location info, getting rid of that history takes a little work. If you want to delete your location history, the first place you need to go is Google; after that, apps that collect this information include Facebook and Twitter.
Delete your Google location history on Android
While you can delete location history collected for your Google timeline in the My Activity area (see above), you can also get rid of it easily in Google Maps.

Go to your Google Maps app.
Tap on your profile icon in the upper left corner.
Tap on “Your Timeline.”
Select the three dots in the upper right corner. Tap on “Settings and Privacy.”
Scroll down to “Delete all Location History.” You’ll get a pop-up window that asks you to check a box saying that you understand that some of your apps may not work properly. Check the box and select “Delete.”
You also have the option of deleting your location history within a date range or setting the app to automatically delete your location history after three, 18, or 36 months.


 









You can delete your entire location history or just within a range of dates.



 









Google will always give you a last chance to back out.




Delete your Google location history on a browser

Go to https://www.google.com/maps.
Tap on the three parallel lines in the upper left corner of the side panel. (If you don’t see the panel, look for the small arrow in the upper left corner and click on it.) Select “Your timeline.”
Look for the gear icon on the lower right side of the screen. Click on it, and then on “Delete all Location History.” You can also set the automatic deletion feature here.











Look for the gear in your Timeline to delete your location history.


As with the mobile app, you’ll get a pop-up window that asks you to check a box saying that you understand that some of your apps may not work properly. Check the box and select “Delete Location History.”










You’ll be asked to confirm the history deletion.


Delete your location history on Facebook
Facebook does keep a separate history of your locations, and if you want to delete that history, you can do it through the mobile app or the browser.
Using the Android app

In the Facebook app, tap the hamburger (three parallel lines) in the top right corner.
Scroll down and tap on “Settings & Privacy.”
Tap on “Settings.”
Scroll down and tap on “Location” (which is under the “Permissions” subhead). This will take you to the “Location Services” page.
You can now choose to let Facebook access your phone’s location all the time, while using the app, or never.
If you want to allow Facebook to save a history of your locations (or stop it from doing so), tap on “Location History” to toggle it on or off. It’s here that you can also delete your existing location history.


 









In Facebook “Settings & Privacy,” select “Settings.”



 









Location Services lets you choose when Facebook can receive your location data.




Using a browser

In Facebook, click on the small arrow next to the Notifications icon in the upper right corner. Click on “Settings & Privacy” > “Privacy Shortcuts.”
Click on “Manage your location settings.”











Select “Manage your location settings” under the “Privacy” category.


On the “Location Settings” page, click on the “View your Location History” button. 










The “Location Settings” page lets you view your history, delete it, and stop recording it.


Then click on the gear in the upper left corner. As with the mobile app, you can now either delete that specific day or delete your entire location history.










You can delete that day’s history or all your history.


On the “Location Settings” page, you can also turn your location history on or off for your mobile devices. 
Delete your location history on Twitter
Twitter makes it relatively simple to turn off its location tracking within the Android app.

Tap on your personal icon in the upper left of the homescreen. 
Tap on “Settings and privacy.”  
Tap on “Privacy and safety.” 
Scroll down until you see “Location information” and tap on it. You can then toggle off the boxes that give Twitter permission to collect your GPS and other location information. And don’t forget to tap on “Explore settings,” which gives Twitter the option to show nearby content.


 









Scroll down until you see “Location information.”



 









There are two location settings to toggle off here, and one to tap on.




You can delete your Twitter location history as well, but only from your browser. 

Go to your Twitter account, click on “More” in the left column and on “Settings and privacy.” 
In the left-hand menu, click on “Privacy and safety.” Scroll down and select “Location information.” 











Uncheck “Personalize based on places you’ve been.” Then click on “Add location information to your Tweets.” 










Uncheck “Add location information to your Tweets.” Then click on “Delete all location information.” And if it asks: yes, you are sure.










Update August 25th, 2020, 2:37PM ET: This article was originally published on April 12th, 2019; it has been updated to include the update from Android 9 to Android 10, along with changes to various web-based applications.
Update November 30th, 2021, 3:55PM ET: Updated to reflect changes in the Android operating system and in Google, Facebook, and Twitter apps.


Netflix’s heist drama Red Notice has officially overthrown Bird Box as the streaming service’s biggest movie debut to date, with over 328 million total hours viewed as of today. That beats out Bird Box’s prior record — 282 million hours in its first 28 days — by a good margin, and Red Notice still has ample time to expand its debut-month record.
That might seem like great news for Netflix: a movie it wanted to be a huge hit was in fact a huge hit. It commanded views up against an eight-hour Beatles documentary as well as big theatrical releases like a Ghostbusters spinoff and multiple titles from Disney. But the film’s success isn’t quite as remarkable as the numbers make it appear. Sure, the hours viewed figure indicates that subscribers are actually watching Red Notice. But it’s also the kind of numbers Netflix should be netting right now and should probably be seeing more of.
As far as celebrity appeal goes, Red Notice checks a lot of boxes — it stars Wonder Woman (Gal Gadot), Deadpool (Ryan Reynolds), and The Rock (Dwayne Johnson), all of whom more or less play themselves — and had a huge $200 million budget to back it all up. But the film hasn’t achieved anywhere near the cultural cachet of Bird Box or Netflix’s more recent success Squid Game, which remains its most popular TV series debut to date. To say that Red Notice lacked the substance of either of the aforementioned titles would frankly be generous. Red Notice has some big-boom action fun, but that’s about as far as it gets.
So how on earth did a movie that by many accounts is just, well, fine eclipse Bird Box for Netflix’s most-viewed film to date? One answer might be subscribers.
The problem with comparing two films that debuted on Netflix roughly three years apart — aside from their markedly different tones and inverse genres — is that Netflix has grown substantially in that time. When Netflix shared its fourth-quarter earnings in January 2019, a month after Bird Box’s premiere, the company reported having around 139 million subscriptions. As of its most recently reported subscription figures, it now has around 214 million active accounts — and that’s after the service twice raised its prices and axed its free trial.
Netflix is now reaching more people globally than at any other time in its history, and it custom-tailors its product to its various markets across the world. (As of this week’s data, Red Notice remained in the top 10 films in 94 countries.) That means that any film that the streamer puts on its service now is better positioned to do well over titles that premiered when it had some 75 million fewer active accounts, fewer features, and the world wasn’t living through an ongoing global health crisis that sees many of us turning to streaming services to keep us preoccupied.
It’s likely that Red Notice will continue to topple records during its first 28 days on the service, the window for which Netflix reports the total viewing hours of its most popular titles. It’s almost assured, in fact.
But streaming data doesn’t and arguably can’t give a full picture of success because of how rapidly the space is evolving, for several reasons. Netflix is among the most transparent streaming services, offering a publicly accessible and frequently updated dedicated hub for tracking its hits, but even that can be tricky when its past successes are measured against newer ones as the service continues to grow. (Its newer public-facing metric, hours viewed, is to Netflix’s credit far easier to interpret than its former maligned two-minute viewing metric.) 
But even more to that point, without data shared by other services, we’re still left in the dark about how Netflix’s successes compare to those of, for example, HBO Max or Prime Video. In an ideal scenario, all of these services would adopt greater transparency and convene around one single way of gauging success. Those numbers should then account for the debut of the title against the growth of the service over time. (This week, for example, the Halle Berry-starring drama Bruised — which also premiered this month — came in second for English-language films with 47.7 million hours viewed to Red Notice’s 50.6 million during the same weeklong period. That context is helpful for understanding Red Notice’s success.)
Immediately, those asks seem like a tall order from companies that have been intentionally obtuse about accurately representing their data in the past. We’re getting this data from Netflix and in a way that most people can reasonably understand — and that’s great. But because of the rapidly evolving nature of the streaming wars, these numbers are harder to interpret than, say, box office sales. And without everyone playing by the same rules, the data is pretty meaningless for giving us any comparative understanding of how Netflix stacks up against the competition — and what truly makes a hit.

“What is that thing on your shoulder?” has been the question I’ve been asked most frequently for the last month. Understandably so. For the last 30 days, just barely peeking out from under the sleeve of my T-shirts, there has been a big black sticker. It’s round, about two inches in diameter, and it looks like a high-end Band-Aid. But that sticker is just a cover. Under it is a smaller plastic disk, with a little thread that is actually sticking into my body and analyzing my ever-changing blood-sugar levels. It’s the closest I’ve ever been to cyborg status. 
Levels Health is a new product and service — currently in late-stage beta but gettable by the public — designed to monitor your body’s glucose response to different stimuli, like exercise and stress and especially the foods you eat. It’s sort of like a Fitbit for your metabolic health, and it currently costs a hefty $400 for the one-month program. It’s aimed toward athletes and the health-conscious who are looking for everything from optimum performance to simply staying healthy. 
Glucose monitoring devices like these are traditionally used by diabetics, who need to know their blood sugar levels and when to administer insulin or treat for low blood sugar. But Levels is marketing itself as a wellness product for anyone to use and isn’t making any diagnostic claims. “Levels is currently a general health and wellness program not intended to diagnose, manage, or treat any health conditions,” says Dr. Casey Means, the company’s co-founder and chief medical officer. 
But let’s back up a little and talk about glucose itself.
You might think of glucose as the primary building block for energy inside your body. Your digestive process breaks down the foods you eat (especially the carbohydrates, but fats and proteins, too) and converts much of it into glucose, which it puts into your bloodstream. When that happens, your pancreas gets a signal to release insulin, which is a hormone that allows the cells in your body to take up the glucose and use it as energy (every cell in your body uses glucose).
The problem is that there can be too much of a good thing. When there’s too much glucose in your blood, it sort of overwhelms your system. Your muscles can’t take it all up, and bad things start to happen. It may get stored in fat cells as triglycerides. It may damage your liver, brain, and other systems. Big doses of glucose can also cause your pancreas to make too much insulin, which can lead to something known as “insulin resistance,” where your cells start ignoring the insulin and take up less and less glucose over time, which means more and more glucose stays in your blood. This can lead to a whole host of medical problems, including type-2 diabetes, heart disease, obesity, and potentially things like cancer, Alzheimer’s, reproductive issues, fatigue, brain fog, and much more. According to a 2018 study from UNC at Chapel Hill, only about 12 percent of Americans are metabolically healthy, which is a frighteningly low number.
 









The glucose monitor has a probe that inserts into your arm. It’s surprisingly painless.
Photo by Brent Rose for The Verge



This is all a fairly high-level breakdown. If you want to get into the nitty-gritty, Levels wrote what it calls its Ultimate Guide to Metabolic Fitness, which is a fascinating read and goes into more detail than I can here. The TL;DR version is this: High spikes in your glucose levels are bad, but every body is different, and there isn’t a one-size-fits-all solution that works for humans. What causes a spike in me may not cause a spike in you. We may all respond differently to the same exact foods, exercise, or sleep routines, and while some rules of thumb may hold somewhat constant, the only way to know for sure is to experiment and track the results, which finally brings us back to the thingy on my shoulder.
The disk that’s stuck to me is a continuous glucose monitor (CGM). These products themselves aren’t super new, and Levels doesn’t actually make this one. Instead, it works with a product called the Freestyle Libre, made by Abbott. The gadget accounts for much of the cost of the Levels program. Each one lasts for 14 days, so you have to swap them halfway through. The disk-shaped sensor comes embedded in a larger, round plastic stamp. You try to find an out-of-the-way spot on the back of your arm, ideally in the little pocket between your triceps and deltoid, and you clean the area with an included alcohol pad. Then, you put the stamp on your arm and depress it until you hear a loud click. In that click, the device actually sticks you with a little pin, which is instantly withdrawn and replaced with a little, flexible, quarter-inch thread, which is about the thickness of a single bristle on a hairbrush. Levels promises that it’s completely painless, and indeed it was. I literally could not feel it at all, either during or after.










A plastic tool is used to mount the monitor to your arm
Photo by Brent Rose for The Verge


Once you remove the plastic stamp, you’ve got this little white disk stuck to you. You slap the larger, black adhesive circle over it just to give it some added protection, and you’re good to go. It’s completely sweat-proof and waterproof (I ran, swam, surfed with it and never had any issues), and you’ll largely forget it’s there at all. The sensor logs a sample every minute and transfers all of the data over to your phone when you scan it. To do that, you simply touch the back of your phone to the sensor. It has an NFC radio, and it transfers all of the data points collected since your last scan over to the Levels app.
That app is where you spend most of your time. That’s where you log all of your food and exercise. You simply write in what you ate and when you ate it, or you can take a photo of it if that’s easier. You don’t need to be too specific (i.e., you’re not counting calories, ingredients, or macros); you just enter in enough information so you remember what you had. You can also log events like meditation, sex, or moments of acute stress. Whatever you want, really — you can see how your body responds. Levels recommends you keep your glucose levels between 70 and 110 mg/dL. The ADA says you can go up to 140 mg/dL, but once you cross the 140 line, you’re classified as “pre-diabetic,” so Levels wants you to stay well clear of that and in the “optimal” zone.
The name of the game is avoiding glucose spikes and dips. The app shows you a graph of all your data points, and you want to see a nice, smooth curve after meals. Levels also rates each logged item from zero to 10 (with 10 being the best), so you can easily interpret your results. I logged nearly everything I ate and every minute of exercise for a month, and I was genuinely surprised by the way my body responded to certain things. 










The Levels app tells you exactly how each meal or activity impacted your glucose levels.
Screenshot by Brent Rose / The Verge


For instance, there’s this one protein bar that I’ve been eating for years that is high-protein and low carbohydrate, etc. I was shocked that it made my glucose spike aggressively. Levels gave it a 2. It turns out that my body doesn’t mind some sugar alcohols, but other types of sugar alcohols cause a strong reaction. Thankfully, my regular breakfast of eggs with salad and coffee came in at a 10, but if I added a bowl of oatmeal to it, my score dropped down to a 3. Chicken tenders were fine with a savory barbecue sauce, but if I switched to my favorite (a sweet one), it dropped all the way down to a 0. Damn. Potatoes seemed to be one of the worst offenders for causing me spikes, which was heartbreaking, but sweet potato fries were less bad.
One of the biggest takeaways for me was how I could mitigate the negative impact of one thing by adding something else. For example, instead of eating that protein bar that gave me a 2 by itself, if I ate it with some jerky and almonds, it got upgraded to a 6. Dinner would frequently cause me to spike, but dinner with a walk immediately afterward improved my numbers significantly because my muscles used up some of that excess glucose in my blood. A cocktail then going to bed was bad, but a cocktail then going to bed with someone else… not so bad! You’re also given a score for each day and week as a whole, from 0 to 100, with 100 being the best.
Being active after a meal often mitigated the spike in glucose levels from the food
Levels suggests you don’t make any changes during the first week, so you can see what happens with your normal habits. For weeks two and three, they suggest you start experimenting with different foods to see how your body responds to different things. For week four, it’s recommended that you try to implement your learnings and go for the lowest score possible. Everything you log takes about two hours before you can see your score (because your body doesn’t respond to food or exercise immediately), but then you can see everything in the app. Levels also emails you daily and weekly reports and, finally, one big report at the end of your one-month journey that has 14 pages of granular info broken down into easy-to-understand charts and graphs.
While the device itself doesn’t hurt at all, it must be said that there are some pain points. For starters, Levels is currently using a two-app solution. You have to download the sensor’s app (called LibreLink) and set up an account on it; then, you tell that app to share info with the Levels app. Once everything is set up and linked, you don’t really need to deal with LibreLink again, but Levels acknowledges that the onboarding process isn’t ideal, and it’s working on a better solution. 
A larger issue is that the sensor itself can only store eight hours’ worth of data points. That means that if you don’t remember to scan it right before you go to bed and again right when you wake up, then you’ll have some gaps in your data. Not ideal, especially if you’re one of those lucky people who actually gets eight-plus hours of sleep (tell me what it’s like?). Levels is working on compatibility with another continuous glucose monitor that has Bluetooth so it could constantly push updates to your phone in the background, but no word yet on if or when that option will be available. 
The sensor can only hold eight hours worth of data, so you have to remember to sync it often with the app
Levels could go further in clarifying what your numbers mean, especially toward the beginning. Right now, the way the app is set up, you don’t get a ton of information or advice to go along with your data. The company has written a lot of blogs that help explain the ins and outs of the science behind this, but it would be nice if it were better integrated into the app and if there was more built-in coaching as you went. 
Lastly, there’s the price. $400 for a month is steep. For that, you could buy a very solid multisport watch with GPS (or an Apple Watch) that would last you for years and track a ton of different metrics and activities. Of course, the data you get from Levels is unique in the pantheon of fitness trackers, but it would be easier to take the leap if the cost wasn’t so exorbitant. Its price certainly supports the argument that fitness tech really only benefits the wealthy.
 









An adhesive, waterproof sticker helps protect the monitor as you wear it.
Photo by Brent Rose for The Verge



Ultimately, I enjoyed my experience with Levels, and I can see it being a useful tool for athletes who want to learn how to fuel properly for their unique body chemistry and for people who have concerns about their metabolic fitness. I didn’t lose any weight in the month I did it, but that’s because glucose levels are just one part of the picture. Levels works with Apple Health and Google Fit to automatically import activities, but part of me thought it would be nice if it could integrate with a calorie tracking system like MyFitnessPal. 
After some thought, though, I came around to believe that it might be best to take a month to simply learn how your body responds to different foods and activities and then integrate those learnings into your diet and exercise plan going forward. That’s something I’m already doing in the days since I took the tracker off. Where I used to just snack on an apple, now I’m more likely to pair it with some yogurt or cheese because I know it won’t spike my glucose as much, which will be better for my long-term health and may help prevent an energy crash a few hours later. That really is valuable.
Levels is targeting a full launch sometime in 2022. It’s currently in a semi-closed beta, and it has more than 100,000 people on the waiting list, but if you use this link, you should be able to skip the line, and most people will get their tracker kit within two weeks of ordering.
Update, 3:50PM ET November 30th, 2021: After this review was published, Levels reached out to say that it is now planning its full launch in 2022 instead of by the end of this year, though it doesn’t have a more precise time frame than that. We’ve updated the article to reflect this information.
Photography by Brent Rose for The Verge


Agree to Continue: Levels Health
Every smart device now requires you to agree to a series of terms and conditions before you can use it — contracts that no one actually reads. It’s impossible for us to read and analyze every single one of these agreements. But we started counting exactly how many times you have to hit “agree” to use devices when we review them since these are agreements most people don’t read and definitely can’t negotiate.
To use the Levels Health system, you have to use two apps: one for managing and pairing the Freestyle Libra device and one for managing your Levels Health account.
The LibraLink app has a terms of service that you must agree to before using it. The Levels app also has a terms of service, plus a privacy policy for its service.
Final tally: two apps and three mandatory agreements. 



Star Trek creator Gene Roddenberry’s signature on the show’s first contract with Lucille Ball’s Desilu Productions is now an NFT. Roddenberry Entertainment is calling it the first “Living Eco-NFT,” which seems straight out of science fiction itself. 
The NFT’s creators implanted the signature, signed in 1965, into a living bacteria cell in the form of DNA code. As the cell duplicates, it creates new copies of the NFT — over a billion in one night. 
Even though there could quickly be billions of replicas, the NFT is called “El Primero,” which means “the first” in Spanish. Right now, though, the bacteria cells are dormant. Scientists working on the project freeze-dried the cells after 10 hours. They can be re-animated in the future, and then the zombie-bacteria can begin replicating themselves once again. In the meantime, the desiccated bacteria will be exhibited at the Art Basel Miami Beach art fair that kicks off on December 2nd. They fit inside a vial that’s encased in a glass cube. 
DNA is nature’s way of storing data. But instead of encoding that data as zeros and ones as computers do, the basic building blocks for DNA are the nucleotides adenine, thymine, cytosine, and guanine — A, T, C, and G for short. Different combinations of those nucleotides are essentially genetic instructions for characteristics like hair and eye color. That code can also be used to store digital information — like say, an NFT. 


What’s an NFT?
NFTs allow you to buy and sell ownership of unique digital items and keep track of who owns them using the blockchain. NFT stands for “non-fungible token,” and it can technically contain anything digital, including drawings, animated GIFs, songs, or items in video games. An NFT can either be one-of-a-kind, like a real-life painting, or one copy of many, like trading cards, but the blockchain keeps track of who has ownership of the file.
NFTs have been making headlines lately, some selling for millions of dollars, with high-profile memes like Nyan Cat and the “deal with it” sunglasses being put up for auction. There’s also a lot of discussion about the massive electricity use and environmental impacts of NFTs. If you (understandably) still have questions, you can read through our NFT FAQ.


There are significant climate controversies swirling around NFTs and digital data more broadly. Data centers, where digital data is stored on hard disk drives, are notorious for guzzling up water and burning through electricity to keep servers cool. And NFTs tied to blockchains like Ethereum operate on an outstandingly energy inefficient security mechanism called “Proof of Work.” This method prompts miners to solve complex puzzles using energy-hungry machines to verify transactions and earn tokens, protecting the blockchain’s record of transactions by making it too expensive to mess with the ledger.
El Primero manages to avoid some of the climate drama of traditional data storage and NFTs. For starters, early research has shown that synthetic DNA can potentially save energy and avoid greenhouse gas emissions compared with current commercial data storage by storing way more data in a much smaller, denser package. 
Second, the NFT won’t be bought and sold on the most energy-hungry blockchains. Roddenberry Entertainment partnered with Solana Labs, whose blockchain operates on a mechanism called “Proof of Stake” that uses significantly less energy in comparison to the blockchain Ethereum of which most other NFTS are part. Proof of Stake nixes puzzles, instead requiring users to lock up some of their existing tokens as a security measure to “prove” they have a “stake” in keeping the ledger accurate. Getting rid of those puzzles drastically cuts energy usage and associated emissions. 
A single transaction on Ethereum uses about as much electricity as the average US household over 6.81 days, by one estimate. Solana says a single transaction is equivalent to about two Google Searches. Minting one NFT on Solana uses about the same amount of energy as about eight Google searches, according to Solana head of communications Austin Federa.
Trevor Roth, COO of Roddenberry Entertainment, said in a statement that like Star Trek itself, the new NFT “speaks to the world around us, acknowledging today’s constant convergence of life and technology.” For a franchise that’s been imagining bizarre new uses of genetic engineering technology for more than thirty years, it feels appropriate.
Update November 30th 6:08PM: This story has been updated with more information about Solana’s energy use and plans to exhibit the desiccated bacteria at Art Basel Miami Beach. 
Related:






    Related
  
The climate controversy swirling around NFTs



    Related
  
Funko’s new Star Trek NFTs show that resistance is futile 



Cyber Monday sales were down 1.4 percent year over year, according to a report from Adobe Analytics. Shoppers spent $10.7 billion this year, $100 million less than the $10.8 billion consumers spent in 2020.
“Consumers were not waiting around for discounts on big shopping days like Cyber Monday and Black Friday”
Amazon’s holiday shopping report only backs Adobe’s claims that Cyber Monday sales took a dip — the commerce giant didn’t report that this year’s Cyber Monday was the “biggest” day of shopping as it has done in the past. In 2019, Amazon said that Cyber Monday was the platform’s “single biggest shopping day in the company’s history,” while in 2020, Thanksgiving weekend was described as the “largest holiday shopping season” in Amazon history.
This time around, there was no mention of Amazon having the best shopping day or season in its history. Instead, Amazon boasted about having the biggest “kickoff to the holiday shopping season,” as well as a “record-breaking” Black Friday and Cyber Monday — but it didn’t specify which record it broke.
This follows the first decrease in spending on Black Friday, which Adobe attributes to shoppers taking advantage of sales and promotions earlier in the holiday season. It looks like the same early shopping trend also contributed to a dip in sales on Cyber Monday, as Adobe notes that people are getting their shopping done in October and November and are also nabbing in-demand products when they see them.
“With early deals in October, consumers were not waiting around for discounts on big shopping days like Cyber Monday and Black Friday,” said Taylor Schreiner, the director at Adobe Digital Insights. “This was further fueled by growing awareness of supply chain challenges and product availability. It spread out e-commerce spending across the months of October and November, putting us on track for a season that still will break online shopping records.”
From November 1st to the 29th, Adobe reports that shoppers have spent a total of $109.8 billion, an 11.9 percent increase from last year. So far, there have been 22 days where shoppers have spent over $3 billion, while it tracked only nine around this time in 2020.
Adobe says that AirPods, Apple Watches, Apple Pencils, the Nintendo Switch, Xbox Series S, Meta (formerly Oculus) Quest 2, as well as laptops from HP, Lenovo, and Dell, were some of the top sellers in tech during Cyber Monday.

If you missed out on a few great deals during Cyber Monday or Black Friday, don’t worry, you still have another chance to save big on some popular tech products. It’s “Cyber Week,” meaning that many retailers are still delivering some of the best deals of the year for you to grab all week long. Below, we’ve curated some of the top discounts you can still take advantage of on wireless noise-canceling headphones, earbuds, phones, laptops, TVs, video games, and more. Take a look, and if you like what you see,  you may want to buy the product sooner than later. These particular deals could disappear at a moment’s notice. 
If they do sell out, fret not. It’s very likely that December will bring some repeat deals, plus new sales because of the holidays. If you want to keep receiving the latest deal-related updates then even after this week is over so you can continue to save, subscribe to our Verge Deals newsletter. We compile the savings that you need to know about, then send them to you twice a week.


    Related
  
Know the holiday shipping and return policies for Apple, Google, Microsoft, and others

Deal highlights

















Lenovo Chromebook Duet (128GB)




                $249
              

                $299
              

                  17% off
                





The Chromebook Duet boasts long battery life and has a 16:10 aspect ratio display to fit more content on the screen at once. The Duet can be used as a tablet or a laptop. On the downside, it has just one USB-C port and no 3.5mm headphone jack.







              $249
              

at Best Buy
            






Lenovo’s Chromebook Duet is currently on sale at Best Buy for $249 ($100 off), matching the best price we’ve seen on the budget-friendly Chromebook, which comes with 4GB of RAM, 128GB of storage, and a detachable keyboard. Read our full review.
The 40mm, GPS version of the Apple Watch Series 6 is also available at Best Buy for $300, giving you another more affordable alternative to buying the latest Series 7.
Best Buy is currently running a buy two, get one free promotion on select Nintendo Switch games, including Super Mario Odyssey and Donkey Kong Country: Tropical Freeze.
Amazon is hosting a deal where it will knock $10 off when you spend at least $100 on select gaming items.
If you’re looking for a battery-powered doorbell, the new Blink video doorbell is just $35 at Amazon (with delayed shipping), a savings of $10. It can also be wired, if you prefer.
The tiny Blink Mini camera is selling for even less. Just $20 at Amazon right now, down from $35, this is the cheapest indoor smart security camera you can buy right now. Read our review.
The blue Ember Smart Mug 2, a 14-ounce mug that allows you to control the temperature thanks to a built-in battery, is down to $100 at Best Buy, $30 off the initial list price.
RAVPower is taking 35 percent off several of its chargers when you use various promo codes. You can, for instance, buy this $28 two-pack of 20W iPhone 13 chargers for $13 when you use promo code RT50, or this 90W battery bank for $58 instead of $89 with promo code CM35.

The best deals available on 4K TVs

















LG’s C1 OLED (48-inch)




                $1,197
              

                $1,297
              

                  8% off
                





LG’s C1 OLED starts with a 48-inch model, going up to 83 inches. All sizes of this OLED feature a 120Hz refresh rate, FreeSync and G-Sync support, and a fast processor.







              $1,197
              

at Amazon
            





              $1,199
              

at Best Buy
            





Amazon still has a sizeable discount on all sizes of one of the best TVs for gaming, the LG C1. The 48-inch model is on sale for $1,197 instead of $1,297, while the 55-inch is selling for $1,297 and the 65-inch for $1,797. Regardless of which configuration you choose, all sport several features gamers will love, including a 120Hz refresh rate, Dolby Vision HDR compatibility, and support for HDMI 2.1. Best Buy is offering the same discounts on the 55- and 65-inch models. 


    Related
  
The best deals on 4K TVs

The best deals available on streaming devices and services

















Roku Streaming Stick 4K (2021 model)




                $30
              

                $50
              

                  41% off
                





The Roku Streaming Stick 4K supports all the major streaming services, as well as HDR10 Plus and Dolby Vision. It is also compatible with all three voice assistants: Siri, Alexa, and the Google Assistant.







              $30
              

at Target
            





The latest Roku Streaming Stick 4K, which just launched in September, is selling at Target, and Best Buy at a record low. Normally $50, the retailer is offering the streaming device for around $30. The 2021 model is faster, comes with improved Wi-Fi performance, and supports Dolby Vision and HDR10 Plus. Roku’s players also now support AirPlay 2, which means you can use your iPhone, iPad, or Mac to easily cast content to the device. Read our review.


















Chromecast with Google TV




                $40
              

                $50
              

                  20% off
                





The Chromecast with Google TV introduces new software that brings together recommendations from all of your streaming services. It also supports Dolby Vision and Dolby Atmos.







              $40
              

at Walmart
            





              $40
              

at Best Buy
            






This accessible Roku alternative from Google features support for Dolby Atmos and Dolby Vision, and the current sale at the Google Store, Walmart, and Best Buy has brought the Chromecast with Google TV down to $40, saving you $10 off the regular price. The streaming device features access to all of your favorite streaming services and has a built-in voice assistant to help you find your favorite shows. You can even cast media from your phone through the Chromecast app. Read our review.
The Roku Streambar is discounted to just $80 at Amazon, $50 off the initial list price. It may not be the best-sounding soundbar out there, but the convenient all-in-one solution features a built-in Roku Streaming Stick 4K Plus, support for Apple’s AirPlay 2, and Bluetooth.



    Related
  
The Cyber Monday streaming deals for Hulu, YouTube TV, and more

The best deals available on laptops and tablets

















MacBook Air with M1 (13-inch)




                $900
              

                $999
              

                  10% off
                





The MacBook Air is Apple’s entry-level laptop, which comes outfitted with the company’s new M1 chip and in one of three different colors (silver, space gray, and gold).







              $900
              

at Best Buy
            





              $900
              

at Amazon
            






Apple’s MacBook Air with the M1 processor is $100 off at Best Buy and Amazon. This brings the starting price down to $900 for the base model that has 8GB of RAM and a 256GB SSD.
Razer is offering a $200 gift card to its online store when you purchase one of its Razer Blade 15 Base gaming laptops, which start at $1,799.99.
The Lenovo Yoga 9i remains one of our favorite alternatives to the Microsoft Surface line of ultrabooks and, right now, Best Buy is offering the slick 2-in-1 for $1,350. While this model received a similar discount a couple of months ago, it still remains a solid value. The foldable laptop boasts some impressive specs, too, with an 11th Gen Core i7 CPU, 512GB of storage, and Iris Xe integrated graphics. This hardware, paired with a 4K touchscreen display and a garaged stylus, makes the 9i a great choice for creators.


















Lenovo Yoga 9i




                $1,350
              

                $1,750
              

                  23% off
                





The Lenovo Yoga 9i is a portable, convertible laptop with standout audio and a garaged stylus.







              $1,350
              

at Best Buy
            






Many Surface Pro 7 models are discounted. Our recommended model is the configuration that includes an Intel Core i5 processor, 8GB of RAM, and 128GB of storage for $700 ($200 off). Note that this Surface also doesn’t include a Type Cove.
The latest model of the Dell XPS 13 takes what made last year’s model so great and makes it better. For Cyber Monday, Dell has marked down this configuration with an Intel Core i7-1195G7, 16GB of RAM, and a 512GB SSD to $1,229, taking about $400 off the regular MSRP. Read our review.


















Dell XPS 13 (2021)




                $1,229
              

                $1,629
              

                  25% off
                





The latest model of the Dell XPS 13 brings an 11th Gen Intel Core i7 CPU to bear and combines it with Intel Iris Xe graphics for an exceptionally powerful, yet compact, notebook.







              $1,229
              

at Dell
            







Samsung’s 11.6-inch Galaxy Chromebook 4 is now on sale for $180 instead of $250 at Amazon. This particular model includes 4GB of RAM and 64GB of onboard storage.
The Dell XPS 15 ultrabook is currently enjoying a solid discount. Dell has reduced the price of this particular configuration to $2,199, taking $396 off the usual price tag. This is the best deal we’ve seen on this laptop so far, with some retailers charging as much as $2,600 for the same configuration. This model boasts some impressive specs with an 11th Gen Core i9 CPU and an RTX 3050 Ti graphics card, not to mention 32GB of RAM and a 1TB SSD. Our reviewer, Monica Chin, liked the 16:10 display and snappy keyboard, even though the XPS 15 tended to get a little hot under load. Read our full review.


















Dell XPS 15 (2020)




                $2,199
              

                $2,595
              

                  16% off
                





This configuration of the Dell XPS 15 laptop uses an RTX 3050Ti CPU paired with an 11th Gen Core i9 CPU, making it an excellent laptop for power users. This model also has 32GB of RAM and a 1TB SSD for storage.  







              $2,199
              

at Dell
            





If you need a powerful iPad with plenty of storage and a gorgeous display, B&H is selling the Wi-Fi version of the latest 12.9-inch iPad Pro with 256GB of storage for its lowest price to date. Normally $1,199, the retailer is currently selling the silver variant for $1,149. In Dieter Bohn’s review, he deemed this model to be the nicest iPad available, even with its strange camera placement. The 2021 iPad Pro is also a speed demon thanks to Apple’s M1 chip and comes with welcome features such as a Mini LED display, Thunderbolt connectivity, Wi-Fi 6 support, and Face ID, which allows you to unlock the device with just a glance.

















12.9-inch Apple iPad Pro (Wi-Fi, 256GB)




                $1,149
              

                $1,199
              

                  5% off
                





Apple’s latest iPad Pro also comes with the company’s own M1 processor and Thunderbolt, however, the 12.9-inch model also touts the best display of any tablet available.







              $1,149
              

at B&H Photo
            







    Related
  
The best laptop you can buy in 2021
The best Cyber Monday laptop deals 2021

The best deals available on noise-canceling headphones

















Bose’s QuietComfort 35 Series II




                $200
              

                $300
              

                  34% off
                





These lightweight, over-ear wireless headphones have one of the best active noise cancellation effects to silence distractions. 







              $200
              

at Target
            





              $200
              

at Best Buy
            






Regularly $300, the Bose QuietComfort 35 Noise Canceling Wireless Headphones II are currently selling for around $200 at Target and Best Buy. Released in 2017, these wireless, noise-canceling headphones can seamlessly switch between two paired devices and, unlike their predecessor, support both Alexa and Google Assistant.
The Bose QuietComfort 45, a pair of headphones that offer best-in-class comfort and terrific active noise cancellation, are on sale in either black or white at Amazon, Best Buy, and Walmart for $279, their best price to date. Read our full review.
Sony’s excellent WH-1000XM4 noise-canceling headphones are among the best headphones you can buy, and they’re $248 (usually $350) at Best Buy and Amazon. Get these if you know someone who values great sound quality and comfort.
Apple’s AirPods Max are selling for $479 in every colorway from Amazon, down from their hefty $549 standard price. The AirPods Max justify their price with top-tier sound quality, terrific noise cancellation, great voice call performance, and the usual deep integration with Apple’s ecosystem of devices. Read our review.


















Beats Solo 3




                $100
              

                $200
              

                  51% off
                





The Beats Solo 3 feature decent sound quality and excellent wireless performance. They also sport some extra goodies if you’re an Apple user, namely the ability to access Siri using the earcup-mounted navigation buttons.







              $100
              

at Target (pink)
            





              $100
              

at Amazon
            





Apple’s discontinued Beats Solo 3 are on sale in select colorways for $100 right now at Amazon and Target, which is $100 off the original price tag. Although they’re beginning to show their age, we initially praised the comfortable headphones in our 2016 review and noted how well they isolate exterior noise. They also offer great wireless performance and come in two colorways: black and rose gold.


    Related
  
The best noise-canceling headphones to buy right now
The best Cyber Monday deals on noise-canceling headphones 2021

The best deals still available on true wireless earbuds

The latest AirPods are seeing their biggest discount yet at Amazon. Normally $180, they’re $150 right now at checkout. While we still recommend the AirPods Pro if you can afford them, the third-gen AirPods sport shorter stems, IPX4 water resistance, and improved sound over the last-gen model. Read our full review.
Amazon’s second-generation Echo Buds that include a wireless charging case are just $90 (down from $140). This is the best deal that we’ve seen yet. If you don’t need a wireless charging case, the set that includes a case you’ll need to plug in to charge is just $70.


















Samsung Galaxy Buds Pro




                $160
              

                $200
              

                  21% off
                





Samsung’s Galaxy Buds Pro have a blend of tech found in the Buds Plus and Buds Live, with the best sound quality the company has achieved yet in a pair of earbuds.







              $160
              

at Amazon
            





              $160
              

at Best Buy
            






Regularly $200, the Galaxy Buds Pro are currently on sale for around $150 at Amazon. In our review, we noted how much we loved their amazing sound quality and IPX7 water resistance.
The Samsung Galaxy Buds Plus, the improved version of the original Galaxy Buds, are available for $79 at Walmart. This deal brings them well below their typical $100 price tag, making them an excellent value. In our review, we noted their drastic improvement in battery life as well as their comfortable fit. While Samsung has since improved on this design with the Galaxy Buds 2, adding noise cancellation among other features, their higher price point makes them a slightly tougher sell.


















Samsung Galaxy Buds Live




                $100
              

                $170
              

                  42% off
                





Samsung’s unconventional wireless earbuds are shaped like beans, but they produce a powerful sound and come with lengthy battery life.







              $100
              

at Amazon
            





              $100
              

at Walmart
            





The Galaxy Buds Live are another great option if you’re looking for a pair of true wireless earbuds. Normally these shiny ear beans cost $170, but are currently on sale for just $100 at Samsung, Amazon, Best Buy, Walmart, and B&H Photo. Despite their unconventional shape, our reviewer Chris Welch liked their overall sound quality and marathon battery life but thought the noise cancellation could use some improvement.

















Sony WF-1000XM4




                $248
              

                $280
              

                  12% off
                





Sony’s WF-1000XM4 have the best noise cancellation of any true wireless earbuds, and the sound quality is second to none. With a new design that’s smaller and rated IPX4, the earbuds also can now be charged wirelessly.







              $248
              

at Amazon
            





              $248
              

at Best Buy
            







Amazon and Best Buy are currently selling Sony’s WF-1000XM4, our top pick for the best wireless earbuds, for around $248 instead of $280. Read our review.

Sennheiser’s Momentum True Wireless 2 are down to just $168 at Amazon in black. Normally $300, the excellent noise-canceling earbuds offer great ANC performance, customizable controls, and sound that can nearly match that of a premium pair of noise-canceling over-ear headphones. Read our full review.



    Related
  
The best wireless earbuds to buy right now
The best Cyber Monday deals on true wireless earbuds



Verge Deals on Twitter
    Join our over 40,000 followers, and keep up with our best daily tech deals with @vergedeals
  

Follow us!


The best deals available on smartwatches and fitness trackers

















Apple Watch Series 7 




                $380
              

                $399
              

                  5% off
                





The latest Apple Watch comes in a number of styles with either GPS or LTE. As we noted in our review, it’s a great wearable. Unlike its predecessor, it has a bigger screen, multiple timers, and faster charging. Besides a few iterative changes, however, it’s not drastically different than the Series 6.







              $380
              

at Amazon (41mm, GPS)
            






















Apple Watch SE (40mm, GPS)




                $239
              

                $279
              

                  15% off
                





Apple’s midrange wearable, the Apple Watch SE, serves as a step up from the Series 3, with features and a design similar to more recent flagships.







              $239
              

at Amazon
            





The best deals available on phones

















Samsung Galaxy Note 20 Ultra (128GB, unlocked)




                $1,100
              

                $1,200
              

                  9% off
                





One of two phones in the Note 20 line, the Galaxy Note 20 Ultra has a 6.9-inch 1440p OLED screen, supports up to a 120Hz refresh rate, and includes a microSD slot for expanding your storage.







              $1,100
              

at Samsung
            





The Galaxy Note 20 Ultra is on sale for just $1,100 at Samsung, $100 off the list price. While this phone doesn’t come packaged with a complimentary pair of earbuds like some other models, you do get $50 off the cost of the Galaxy Buds Pro. Amazon also has the Note 20 Ultra for $1,099 though without any additional discounts included. Read our review.

















Samsung Galaxy Z Fold 3 (256GB, unlocked)




                $1,400
              

                $1,800
              

                  23% off
                





The Galaxy Z Fold 3 is Samsung’s latest attempt at making foldable phones more mainstream. It’s expensive, sure, but it’s also more durable than previous models and comes with a 120Hz display and support for the once-exclusive S Pen. To qualify for this price cut, you need to activate the phone with a carrier on the day of purchase.







              $1,400
              

at Best Buy
            





              $1,500
              

at Amazon
            





The slick Galaxy Z Fold 3 is on sale in the 256GB configuration with a free pair of Galaxy Buds 2 for $1,500 at Amazon. If you prefer the best price outright, with no need for extras, Best Buy has it for just $1,400 with activation. Normally $1,800, Samsung’s current discount makes for one of the better deals we’ve seen on the luxury foldable. Read our review.

















Google Pixel 5A




                $399
              

                $449
              

                  12% off
                





As the mid-range Pixel phone, the Pixel 5A features a 6.34-inch 1080p OLED, same best-in-class camera, with IP67 water resistance, and three years of software support from Google. You’ll be among the first to experience the latest Android build, like Android 12 that is already released for the 5A.







              $399
              

at Google
            






A rare discount on the Google Pixel 5A has reduced the price of the phone to $400 at the Google Store, knocking $50 off the regular price. While all eyes are on the new Pixel 6, we still stand by the Pixel 5A as a solid and affordable entry. Featuring one of the best cameras available in a mid-range smartphone, the 5G-compatible 5A also comes equipped with 128GB of onboard storage, IP67 water resistance, and improved battery life. Read our review.
You can get $300 on a Walmart e-gift card with the purchase of an iPhone 13 or iPhone 13 Mini on either AT&T or Verizon. The exact amount depends on which iPhone you choose (see below), and you can also get an additional $250 Walmart e-gift card by trading in an eligible phone. The deal runs through December 3rd, but you need to activate the new phone no later than December 3rd at 11:59PM local time to take advantage of the deal. If you prefer to get this deal and trade-in squared away in person, you need to schedule an in-person appointment. This in-store deal also ends on December 3rd.



    Related
  
The best phone you can buy right now
The best Cyber Monday 2021 phone deals

The best deals available on smart home tech

















Google Nest Hub Max




                $179
              

                $229
              

                  22% off
                





The Nest Hub Max has a 10-inch screen and integrated camera for making video calls. It is Google’s largest and most complete Google Assistant smart display.







              $179
              

at Google
            





              $179
              

at Walmart
            






The Google Nest Hub Max is the best and biggest smart home assistant in the Google ecosystem. Currently, you can save $50 on this smart hub at the Google Store and Walmart, bringing the price down to $179. The display’s built-in camera allows you to make video calls, and the 10-inch screen allows you to access media from your favorite streaming services or cast just about anything from your phone. In our review, we noted that we were particularly impressed by this device’s ability to display personalized content based on who is looking at the screen.

A two-pack of Google Nest Wifi routers costs just $209 at Amazon, down from $299. A single unit of the Nest Wifi Router has been reduced to $139 at the Google Store, $30 off the regular price. You can also grab a bundle with a single access point for $179, or two access points for $249. Read our full review.
A single Eero 6 dual-band mesh Wi-Fi router costs just $77 $83 at Amazon and $84 at Best Buy. The previous lowest price was around $90.
Eero is offering up to 35 percent off its excellent mesh Wi-Fi routers that have Thread radios built-in (and which Eero has said will get upgraded to the new smart home standard Matter, when it arrives next year). An Eero 6 two-pack is currently down to $181 from $279 at Amazon and Eero. Read our full Eero review.

The Eufy RoboVac 11S is on sale at Amazon and Walmart for $138, nearly matching the best price we’ve seen on the no-frills robot vacuum.
Meta’s Portal Go, the portable smart display, is $50 off at Amazon. It costs $149, and could be a good fit if you have friends and family that can’t live without video chatting via Messenger and other apps.
Google’s lozenge-shaped Nest Mini is available for $25 at Best Buy and Walmart, half off the original price tag. In his review, Verge staffer Cameron Faulkner called the smart speaker a great sounding upgrade over the last-gen Home Mini.
A bundle containing the Roomba i3 Plus with a self-emptying base and the Braava Jet m6 mop is on sale at Best Buy for $585 (regularly $850). You can also pick up the Roomba i3 Plus with Clean Base on its own for $400, regularly $599.
The battery-operated Nest Doorbell is down to just $130 in the Google Store, $50 off its regular price tag. Read our full review.

Google and Walmart have reduced the price of the Nest Audio, the big sibling to the Nest Mini, to $60 in select colorways. This smart speaker comes packaged with Google Assistant and can be paired with other Nest speakers for additional audio coverage. Read our full review.


















Yeedi K650 Wi-Fi robot vacuum




                $120
              

                $180
              

                  34% off
                





Yeedi’s K650 robot vacuum has all of the smarts and power required to suck up dust, dirt, and pet hair from your floor into its 800-milliliter bin. It’s compatible with Google Assistant and Amazon Alexa, if you just want to queue it up with your voice.







              $120
              

at Amazon
            






The Yeedi K650 was already an affordable robot vacuum at $180. Amazon currently has it on sale for $120 when you clip the coupon on the page, however, which beats the Robovac’s previous all-time low. It doesn’t offer lidar or virtual boundaries, but it’s a great budget bot that can handle the basics.
Amazon’s stalwart, third-gen Echo Dot smart speaker can be had at Amazon for just $20 right now, down from $40, a great deal on a still good speaker to control your smart home. Note this deal is only available if you choose the option that gives you six months free of Amazon Music Unlimited. Read our full review.

The best discount we’ve seen on the Nest Learning Thermostat is now live at the Google Store, allowing you to save $70 on a single unit or $150 on a two-pack, lowering the prices to $180 and $348, respectively.
Abode’s great little Abode Cam 2, an indoor / outdoor camera that works with or without an Abode system, is $25 at Abode. If you want to add a security system, too, Abode has an excellent bundle exclusively on its website for $299, a savings of $300. It includes the Abode Cam 2, the security gateway, a keypad, two door sensors, a motion sensor, a keyfob, and an Echo Show 5, with the option of professional monitoring.



    Related
  
The best smart displays for every home
The best Cyber Monday smart home tech deals: speakers, cameras, robots, and more

The best gaming deals available


Mass Effect: Legendary Edition for Xbox — which is compatible with Xbox One, Series S, or Series X — is on sale for just $28 $33 at Amazon, the best price we’ve seen on the optimized, three-game collection.
If you have a Nintendo Switch, a GoPro, or any other device that accepts microSD cards, give it a huge boost in storage with this SanDisk 512GB microSD card for just $55 $63 at Amazon.

Back 4 Blood, the spiritual successor to Left 4 Dead 2 (it was even made by the same team) is all the way down to $25 $40 at GameStop. The game usually costs $60, though Xbox owners should just subscribe to Game Pass instead, as it’s available there.

Ratchet and Clank: Rift Apart, one of the best PlayStation 5 exclusives to date, is down to just $50 at Amazon and GameStop. Read our full review.
The PlayStation 4 version of Hades is available at GameStop for just $20, down from its usual sale price of $35.


















Razer Viper 8 KHz




                $50
              

                $80
              

                  38% off
                





Virtually indistinguishable from older models in appearance, this version of the Razer Viper adopts a new 20K DPI optical sensor and features an 8,000Hz polling rate.







              $50
              

at Best Buy
            






If you’re looking for a solid gaming mouse, the latest iteration of the Razer Viper is on sale for $40 $50 at Best Buy, its second-lowest price to date. The latest model retains the same lightweight and ambidextrous chassis that made the original so good, but ups the ante with a 20K DPI sensor and a polling rate of 8000Hz.

Razer’s Wolverine V2 wired gaming controller, which is essentially an affordable version of the Xbox Elite controller, is on sale at Amazon as part of a bundle with a Kaira Pro gaming headset. Normally $250, you can pick up both peripherals for $170 $175 for a limited time.
Razer’s Wolverine V2 wired Xbox/PC controller with customizable triggers and macro buttons is $69 $75 at Amazon.

Razer’s DeathAdder V2 Pro wireless gaming mouse is $76 for My Best Buy members. This mouse originally sold for $130, and it’s among the most comfortable options available.



    Related
  
The best wired or wireless gaming mouse you can buy
Cyber Monday deals for PS5, Xbox Series X, Nintendo Switch, and PC gaming
GameStop’s best Cyber Monday deals: games, accessories, and more

The best deals available on cameras

















GoPro Hero 10 Black




                $450
              

                $500
              

                  10% off
                





The GoPro Hero 10 Black offers a new processor making it possible to shoot in 4K resolution at 120 frames per second.







              $450
              

at Amazon
            





              $450
              

at Best Buy
            






The latest GoPro, the GoPro Hero10 Black, is currently selling at its lowest price ever. Normally $500, B&H is now selling the popular action cam for $450. The Hero10 Black boasts all the amazing features found on its predecessor — which we once called the “biggest, baddest action camera out there” — and more, like a new processor that allows it to shoot in higher frame rates and upload videos to the cloud while charging. It’s also compatible with Hero9 accessories, meaning those looking to upgrade won’t necessarily need to purchase new add-ons. Read our review.

The touchscreen-equipped Insta360 One X2 is on sale at Amazon for $365, the best price we’ve seen on the rugged 360-degree camera. Read our hands-on impressions.
B&H is selling the Canon EOS R mirrorless camera for $1,599 instead of $1,800. Read our Canon EOS R review.

Sony’s ZV-1 point-and-shoot camera is currently on sale for $746 with a vlogger accessory kit at B&H, a savings of $150. The bundle includes the 20MP, 4K-capable camera as well as a wireless shooting grip and a 64GB memory card.



    Related
  
The best Cyber Monday deals on cameras and lenses

Other great deals happening now










Vjeran Pavic / The Verge


The AfterShokz Aeropex open-ear headphones are $30 off at Best Buy and Amazon (it includes a complimentary sports bag at Amazon). These rest near your temples, using bone conduction to transmit sound instead of covering your ears. This is a popular choice among bikers, as it’s a safer alternative to earbuds if you want to listen to music or podcasts, or to talk on the phone. The Verge’s Dieter Bohn ranked these as his favorite model.

















Western Digital My Passport SSD




                $230
              

                $380
              

                  40% off
                





This My Passport model from Western Digital sports sequential read / write speeds of 1,050MB/s and 1,000MB/s, respectively. It comes in multiple colors and includes a USB Type-A adapter in the box.







              $230
              

at Amazon (2TB)
            





              $450
              

at Amazon (4TB)
            






If you’re looking to add some storage space to your PC, Amazon is currently discounting Western Digital’s 2TB and 4TB My Passport models in a variety of colors. Typically $380, you can buy the 2TB SSD for $230, or the 4TB model for $450. Western Digital claims up to sequential read / write speeds of 1,050MB/s and 1,000MB/s, respectively, and the deal also includes a USB Type-A adapter in the box.
Amazon is currently offering some excellent savings on a variety of Shure microphones. These include some of the heavy-hitters of the podcast world, like the legendary Shure SM7B going for $359 instead of $399 at Amazon.
This 38-inch soundbar from Samsung is currently available for $280 at Best Buy, its lowest price to date. The 7.1 soundbar comes packaged with a wireless subwoofer and rear-channel speakers, too, helping keep cable clutter to a minimum.
The excellent Razer Kiyo is discounted to $70 at Amazon and Best Buy, the second-lowest price we’ve seen for the 1080p webcam, which features a built-in ring light.








        Sign up for the
        
          newsletter
        
      
      Verge Deals
    
Subscribe to get the best Verge-approved tech deals of the week.






Just one more thing!
Please confirm your subscription to Verge Deals via the verification email we just sent you.




Email (required)






        By signing up, you agree to our Privacy Notice and European users agree to the data transfer policy.
        
      
Subscribe









Facebook cryptocurrency chief David Marcus announced today that he’s leaving the company. The former PayPal executive joined Facebook in 2014 to run Messenger but eventually took over plans to launch a new cryptocurrency and wallet, known at the time as Libra and Calibra, respectively.
Novi VP of product Stephane Kasriel will take over
After some pre-Meta name changes, the digital wallet launched with a small pilot in October under the name Novi but only in two countries (the US and Guatemala) and support for a single form of crypto, the Paxos stablecoin. The currency that spurred so much ire from regulators and politicians around the world, now called Diem, has yet to appear.
In posts on his Facebook page and Twitter, Marcus says, “While there’s still so much to do right on the heels of hitting an important milestone with Novi launching — and I remain as passionate as ever about the need for change in our payments and financial systems — my entrepreneurial DNA has been nudging me for too many mornings in a row to continue ignoring it.” He announced that Novi VP of product Stephane Kasriel, previously an early PayPal employee and the CEO of Upwork, will take over the leadership of the team.


While there’s still so much to do right on the heels of launching Novi — and I remain as passionate as ever about the need for change in our payments and financial systems — my entrepreneurial DNA has been nudging me for too many mornings in a row to continue ignoring it. (2/7)— David Marcus (@davidmarcus) November 30, 2021





    Related
  
‘I don’t think you should launch Libra at all,’ congresswoman tells Facebook
Facebook’s cryptocurrency Libra, explained
Zuckerberg claims it’s not about the money, while explaining how Libra will make money 

Meta CEO Mark Zuckerberg commented on the Facebook post, saying, “I’ve learned so much working with you and I’m so grateful for everything you’ve done for this place. We wouldn’t have taken such a big swing at Diem without your leadership and I’m grateful you’ve made Meta a place where we make those big bets. You’ve built a great team, and while I’ll miss working with you, I’m looking forward to working with Stephane to lead the team going forward.”
As recently as October, politicians were openly calling for Facebook to drop its cryptocurrency plans. At that time, Marcus said, “I do want to be clear that our support for Diem hasn’t changed and we intend to launch Novi with Diem once it receives regulatory approval and goes live. We care about interoperability and we want to do it right.” 
What his departure means for the project overall is unclear, as well as how it fits in with Zuckerberg’s metaverse vision for the future. His departure also comes one day after fellow cryptocurrency proponent Jack Dorsey stepped down from his position as the CEO of Twitter. It seems unlikely that either one will be done with Web3 projects any time soon.


I am so honored for the opportunity to lead the awesome @novi team, and look forward to continuing to build products and services that allow more access for people and businesses to the financial system and digital economy.— Stephane Kasriel (@skasriel) November 30, 2021




A new browser extension promises to show you which products in your Amazon search results are sold by brands that are either owned by or are exclusive to Amazon, giving you a better idea of who’s selling what you’re buying. It’s called Amazon Brand Detector, and it uses a list of Amazon brands created by The Markup, along with filters and other techniques (detailed here) to detect and highlight products that are a part of Amazon’s Our Brands program. 
The Markup created this extension after its investigation into how Amazon ranks its in-house brands in search results and says the tool (available for Chrome-like browsers and Firefox) is designed to make searches more transparent. When we tested it, it obviously highlighted Amazon Basics and Essentials products, but it also drew attention to results that were otherwise indistinguishable from ones not affiliated with Amazon: a dog leash labeled as being made by Panykoo, socks by Teebulen, a sweater by Ofeefan. 










Some of the products highlighted are obviously affiliated with Amazon, some less so.












The Markup says the tool may miss some Amazon-sold products, and I found that to be true.



While Amazon marked some of those results as “featured from our brands,” that wasn’t the case for all of them. That advisory text is also small and grey, making it easy to miss if you’re casually browsing (especially since there may not be any notice of the affiliation on the actual product page), and it didn’t show up on every result the tool highlighted.










Without the tool’s highlighting, it would be easy to miss the “featured from our brands” message on these socks.


Amazon isn’t necessarily shadowy about these brands: it has a page that lists its “private and select exclusive brands,” many of which have legit-sounding names: Happy Belly, Wag, Nature’s Wonder. Some are private labels owned by Amazon, where some are “curated selections” sold exclusively on Amazon but not necessarily operated by the company.
Clicking through to the store pages, there’s a spectrum of Amazon branding. Basic Care has a large Amazon logo right at the top, Stone and Beam notes that its products are “exclusively on Amazon,” and Rivet’s product names are prefixed with “Amazon Brand.” Meanwhile, Amazon’s branding doesn’t appear on the Goodthreads page unless you watch to the end of a video titled “Fall 2021.” Most Goodthreads products will have the phrase “An Amazon Brand” somewhere on the page, but it’s not always prominent. 










Amazon has a page that lists some, but not all, of its brands, with links to their store pages.


The page also doesn’t contain all of Amazon’s brands — there are letter-soup brand names highlighted by Amazon Brand Detector like Weeso and other brands like Daily Ritual, which showed up often in search results. Despite “An Amazon brand” being listed as a feature of the Daily Ritual sweater that showed up in my search results, that brand isn’t on Amazon’s “Our Brands” page.
As ProPublica points out, traditional grocery stores have long had their own private-label brands, though stores like Kroger and even Walmart are operating on a somewhat smaller scale — items are more hidden on the third page of search results than they are on the bottom level of a shelf. And, as an advisor to third-party Amazon sellers told ProPublica, Amazon’s brands take up space in the coveted first page of search results that could go to other brands (some of which may have more positive reviews or higher sales numbers). Amazon denied favoring its brands in search results, though The Markup has an in-depth investigation into how the company weights its results.










Knowing which products are sold by Amazon may or many not affect your buying decision, but it’s still interesting to see the results.


For some customers, it may not matter who’s selling the products, as long as they’re decent. But if you’re the kind of person who likes to know where the things you buy are coming from (or who doesn’t want to give Amazon more money than necessary), it could be worth installing the Amazon Brand Detector extension. At the very least, the results may end up being interesting — there were a few times during testing when I went, “Huh... I wouldn’t have guessed that was from Amazon.” 
The Markup says the extension “does not collect any data” and that it should be compatible with other extensions, such as ones that look for fake product reviews.

Rockstar’s next Title Update for Grand Theft Auto: The Trilogy – The Definitive Edition looks to address a huge list of issues with the buggy remasters.
The game has had a rough launch, and many of the fixes appear to clean up some of the more meme-worthy problems with the games. A lot of the fixes are about rain. Many spelling errors have apparently been fixed. I spotted two fixes for “a hole in the game world” in Grand Theft Auto: Vice City – The Definitive Edition. There are also two fixes for CJ’s face obscuring the camera in Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas – The Definitive Edition, which (sadly) may address the absolutely incredible bug shown in this video:


I've changed my mind, the GTA remasters are perfect.(this is looking backwards while in first person, on the quadbike) pic.twitter.com/JEB0SC7y3V— Megan Fox (   OUT NOW) (@glassbottommeg) November 12, 2021



The patch also brings “stability improvements,” fixes some textures, and adds a cinematic camera mode. You can read the full list of fixes for Title Update 1.03 on Rockstar’s website. Rockstar says the update is now available on PS4, PS5, Xbox Series X / S, Xbox One, and PC and that it will be available for the Nintendo Switch “in the coming days.”
Rockstar apologized for the rocky launch a little over a week after the game’s November 11th release date. “The updated versions of these classic games did not launch in a state that meets our own standards of quality, or the standards our fans have come to expect,” the company said. “We have ongoing plans to address the technical issues and to improve each game going forward.”
 


BMW has revealed a new concept plug-in hybrid electric vehicle, the first in its M class to get an electric motor, the company announced. The BMW XM will go into production at the company’s Spartanburg, South Carolina, plant beginning in late 2022, the company said in a news release.
The concept BMW XM has a V8 engine combined with an electric motor to provide 750 horsepower and 737 foot-pounds of torque. BMW spokesman Jay Hanson clarified in an email to The Verge that while the production version of the XM will have a V8 engine paired with a plug-in hybrid system, “horsepower and torque figures should be considered preliminary at this time.”
The company said the unusual front-end design, with two large nostril-shaped openings, shows off a new direction for its future luxury vehicles that includes an illuminated version of its black kidney grille. 










The grille of the BMW XM shows off a new front-end design.
Photo: BMW


The interior features “vintage-look leather,” with a curved display that combines the instrument panel and infotainment display into a single design, Hanson said. BMW M CEO Franciscus van Meel said in a statement that the concept XM “represents a complete re-imagining of the high-performance vehicle segment.”










The interior of the BMW XM concept vehicle.
Photo: BMW


The company didn’t provide details about how much the vehicle will cost.
While the XM isn’t an all-electric vehicle, BMW is moving toward an electrified future: the company said earlier this year that it expects 50 percent of its new vehicles to be fully electric by 2030. It’s developing all-electric versions of its 5 Series and 7 Series sedans and its X1 SUV. But the iX3 will only be available in Europe and China, not the US.



Netflix still has some big releases in store this year — including Don’t Look Up and the second season of The Witcher — but the streaming service is also looking forward to its 2022 lineup. Today, the company released its slate for genre shows and movies coming next year, and while we knew some of them (last month, Netflix revealed that Stranger Things 4 would be coming out next summer), there were also some new confirmations. Most notably, both the live-action adaptation of Neil Gaiman’s The Sandman and The Witcher spinoff Blood Origin will debut on the streaming service in 2022.
Outside of those heavy hitters, there are also plenty of shows returning — Alice in Borderland’s season 2, Locke & Key season 3, The Umbrella Academy season 3 — along with gaming adaptations, including The Cuphead Show, a live-action Resident Evil series, an animated Magic: The Gathering show, and Cyberpunk: Edgerunners from the acclaimed Studio Trigger. Rounding out the selection are some horror titles, including vampire hunting romance First Kill and The Midnight Club, the latest series from Midnight Mass and Haunting of Bly Manor creator Mike Flanagan.
Most of the releases don’t have specific dates attached to them yet, but here’s the full list of genre stories coming to Netflix in 2022.


Archive 81 (January 14th)

In From the Cold (January 28th)

Raising Dion season 2 (February 1st)

Vikings: Valhalla (February 25th)

Alice in Borderland season 2
All of Us Are Dead
Army of the Dead: Lost Vegas
The Cuphead Show
Cyberpunk: Edgerunners
First Kill

Locke & Key season 3
Magic: The Gathering
The Midnight Club
Resident Evil
The Sandman

Stranger Things 4 (summer)

The Umbrella Academy season 3
The Witcher: Blood Origin


With Final Fantasy XIV Endwalker launching in early access this week and officially on December 7th, Square Enix is warning players that they might face the longest log-in queues and wait times the game has ever seen.
In a blog post, Square Enix stated that while it has optimized servers in anticipation of heavy traffic, the global chip shortage has prevented the addition of new servers that would help alleviate congestion problems. As such, players can expect to wait longer than normal to log into game servers, visit new Endwalker specific areas, and experience instanced content-like duties.
Square Enix also offered tips that players can use to ensure their Endwalker experience is the best it can be. If players are experiencing higher log-in queues for their home server, they can choose to temporarily play on another, less-crowded server within their data center. Also, since new character creation is disabled for congested worlds, Square Enix suggested players interested in making new characters create them now before the Endwalker rush or during off-hours post-launch.
Interest in Final Fantasy XIV reached an all-time high this summer, aided by an exodus of dissatisfied World of Warcraft players, popular streamers giving the MMO airtime, and a clever meme extolling the virtues of FFXIV’s free trial. 
Even with Square Enix beefing up their existing servers and delaying the game by two weeks to ensure stability, Endwalker is shaping up to be the biggest launch in Final Fantasy XIV history.

On Black Friday, SpaceX CEO Elon Musk sent an anxious email to his company’s employees, urging them to work over the weekend on SpaceX’s Raptor engine line and describing the production situation as a “crisis.” In the email, a copy of which was obtained by The Verge, Musk argued that the company faces a “genuine risk of bankruptcy” if production doesn’t increase to support a high flight rate of the company’s new Starship rocket next year.
The Raptor is SpaceX’s massive methane engine that will be used to propel the company’s next-generation launch system, called Starship. SpaceX plans to use Starship to take people to deep space, and in April, NASA awarded SpaceX a $2.9 billion contract to develop Starship as a lunar lander to transport astronauts to the Moon’s surface as early as 2025. SpaceX has been hard at work developing and testing Starship prototypes at the company’s test site in Boca Chica, Texas, though the company has yet to launch the vehicle to orbit.
SpaceX is currently hoping to conduct Starship’s first orbital launch in either January or February of 2022, according to a presentation given by Musk to the National Academies of Sciences on November 17th. However, according to Musk’s email, SpaceX needs to launch Starship at least once every two weeks next year to keep the company afloat. And apparently, Raptor engine development isn’t on track at the moment.
“I will be on the Raptor line all night and through the weekend”
In the email, first reported by SpaceExplored and CNBC, Musk claimed that after key senior management departed the company, SpaceX personnel looked deeper into issues surrounding Raptor production and found them to “be far more severe than was reported.” Two vice presidents, one of whom worked on Raptor engine development, recently left the company, CNBC reported this month.
“I was going to take this weekend off, as my first weekend off in a long time, but instead I will be on the Raptor line all night and through the weekend,” Musk wrote in the email. He also urged employees to come in for an “all hands on deck” situation unless they had critical family matters or could not “physically return to Hawthorne,” the location of SpaceX’s headquarters in California.
While Starship will ultimately be used to transport people to deep space, Musk also stressed the vehicle’s role in launching the company’s next-generation Starlink satellites. Starlink is SpaceX’s ambitious initiative to launch a mega-constellation of nearly 12,000 satellites to provide broadband Internet coverage to users all over the Earth. So far, SpaceX has launched more than 1,800 Starlink satellites and is currently serving roughly 140,000 users in more than 20 countries, according to a presentation SpaceX gave to the Federal Communication Commission on November 10th.
“we need all hands on deck to recover from what is, quite frankly, a disaster”
However, SpaceX has only launched the first version of its Starlink satellites, known as Version 1 or V1. Most of those satellites don’t have lasers allowing them to communicate with one another, though recent launches have included this capability. Eventually, SpaceX plans to launch its Version 2 or V2 satellites, which are much more massive and will include laser communication. And per his email, Musk claims that Starship is the only rocket that can launch these larger satellites.
“Falcon has neither the volume *nor* the mass to orbit needed for satellite V2,” Musk wrote, adding that “Satellite V1 by itself is financially weak, whereas V2 is strong.” SpaceX filed an amendment with the FCC in August, proposing changes to its satellites with plans to launch them on Starship. In the email, Musk also noted that SpaceX will be ramping up production of its user dishes, which customers must buy in order to tap into the Starlink V2 satellites. Musk says the terminals will be useless unless the new satellites are ready to “handle the bandwidth demand.”
It’s hard to know for sure if SpaceX is truly in dire straights. SpaceX did not respond to a request for a comment from The Verge. Later today, Musk responded to coverage of the email, saying that bankruptcy is unlikely, but not impossible, if a severe global recession hits.


If a severe global recession were to dry up capital availability / liquidity while SpaceX was losing billions on Starlink & Starship, then bankruptcy, while still unlikely, is not impossible.GM & Chrysler went BK last recession.“Only the paranoid survive.” – Grove— Elon Musk (@elonmusk) November 30, 2021



This isn’t the first time Musk has called on his employees to rally and work long hours or risk bankruptcy. In 2018, Musk claimed that his other company, Tesla, came “within single-digit weeks” of collapse over problems with the production of the Model 3. Since then, Tesla has rebounded and recently surpassed a $1 trillion valuation.
Read the entire email from Musk below:

Unfortunately, the Raptor production crisis is much worse than it seemed a few weeks ago. As we have dug into the issues following exiting prior senior management, they have unfortunately turned out to be far more severe than was reported. There is no way to sugarcoat this.
I was going to take this weekend off, as my first weekend off in a long time, but instead I will be on the Raptor line all night and through the weekend.
Unless you have critical family matters or cannot physically return to Hawthorne, we need all hands on deck to recover from what is, quite frankly, a disaster.
The consequences for SpaceX if we can’t get enough reliable Raptors made is that we then can’t fly Starship, which means we then can’t fly Starlink Satellite V2 (Falcon has neither the volume *nor* the mass to orbit needed for satellite V2). Satellite V1 by itself is financially weak, whereas V2 is strong.
In addition, we are spooling up terminal production to several million units per year, which will consume massive capital, assuming that satellite V2 will be on orbit to handle the bandwidth demand. These terminals will be useless otherwise.
What it comes down to is that we face genuine risk of bankruptcy if we cannot achieve a Starship flight rate of at least once every two weeks next year.
Thanks,
Elon

Update November 30th, 4:30PM ET: This story was updated to include a tweet from Elon Musk.


Twitter will now let private individuals request takedowns of pictures or videos featuring them. The company announced the change this morning, extending an existing ban on private information to cover media. It’s aimed at preventing harassment or invasions of privacy and includes exceptions for posts that are “shared in the public interest or add value to public discourse.”
“Sharing personal media, such as images or videos, can potentially violate a person’s privacy, and may lead to emotional or physical harm,” reads a Twitter Safety blog post announcing the change. “The misuse of private media can affect everyone, but can have a disproportionate effect on women, activists, dissidents, and members of minority communities.” Twitter will evaluate complaints by the subject of a picture or video — or someone representing them — according to its larger private information policy.
“Sharing personal media, such as images or videos, can potentially violate a person’s privacy”
The rule potentially covers all “media of private individuals without the permission of the person(s) depicted,” but the blog post describes several scenarios where Twitter wouldn’t remove that media. As implied, it’s not applicable to people who are public figures, a category that typically includes politicians, celebrities, and other well-known people. Twitter will also take other context into consideration, as well as existing rules like a ban on nonconsensual sexual imagery.
“We recognize that there are instances where account holders may share images or videos of private individuals in an effort to help someone involved in a crisis situation, such as in the aftermath of a violent event, or as part of a newsworthy event due to public interest value, and this might outweigh the safety risks to a person,” the post says. It may also leave media online if it’s being covered by traditional news outlets. And it will consider “if a particular image and the accompanying tweet text adds value to the public discourse, is being shared in public interest, or is relevant to the community.”


Beginning today, we will not allow the sharing of private media, such as images or videos of private individuals without their consent. Publishing people's private info is also prohibited under the policy, as is threatening or incentivizing others to do so.https://t.co/7EXvXdwegG— Twitter Safety (@TwitterSafety) November 30, 2021



The goal is to remove pictures or videos that are fueling online harassment campaigns, although, in practice, its implementation will likely depend on moderators judging the nuance of a particular situation. It’s unclear, for instance, how Twitter might have ruled on a 2020 Twitter video depicting a white woman calling police on a Black man — an incident that was widely reported in mainstream outlets but only following a viral Twitter video and which featured two private figures but echoed a larger existing conversation about racism and policing.
Twitter spokesperson Trenton Kennedy says moderators will heavily weigh the circumstances of a given post. “We’re going to evaluate things in the context in which they’re shared, so I would encourage folks not to draw too many conclusions from past instances or hypotheticals,” Kennedy told The Verge. The policy will also require a first-person report requesting a takedown, not just a general complaint that a private figure’s image was posted. And Twitter moderators will consider whether the post was shared publicly on other social networks, not just traditional media outlets. “The general rule around our private information policy is that if this is available and easily accessible off of Twitter, we’re not going to take action on it on Twitter,” said Kennedy.
This change comes a day after a high-profile shakeup at Twitter, as longtime CEO Jack Dorsey was replaced by former CTO Parag Agrawal.

Three ex-Google employees claim that Google has a contractual obligation to abide by its well-known “don’t be evil” policy, and they are suing the company for allegedly terminating them for calling out Google’s “evil” doings, via NPR.
“Don’t be evil” has been a part of Google’s Code of Conduct since the early 2000s
The former workers Sophie Waldman, Rebecca Rivers, and Paul Duke were fired  — in addition to a fourth employee, Laurence Berland — in November 2019 for allegedly violating the company’s data security policies, however, they claim they didn’t leak any confidential information. Earlier this year, the acting head of the National Labor Relations Board said that Google “arguably violated” US labor laws by firing the three employees, alleging that Google terminated the employees in retaliation for their activism.
In the lawsuit filed in the state of California, the group accuses Google of partaking in “evil,” and subsequently punishing them for calling the company out on it. The lawsuit states that at the time Waldman, Rivers, and Duke were hired by Google, they all signed a contract that included the “don’t be evil” rule. So when the employees questioned and petitioned against Google’s controversial cloud computing contract with the Trump administration’s Customs and Border Patrol in 2019, they believed that they were in accordance with their contracts, citing the potential instances of human rights abuses at the border.
“Don’t be evil” has been a part of Google’s Code of Conduct since the early 2000s. Although Google’s parent company, Alphabet, replaced it with “do the right thing” in 2015, the phrase is still alive and well in Google’s most recent Code of Conduct, stating: “And remember… don’t be evil, and if you see something that you think isn’t right — speak up!”

Qualcomm appears to be collaborating with Razer on a new gaming handheld developer kit built around its upcoming Snapdragon G3X processor. Leaked slides published by VideoCardz call the device a “Snapdragon G3X Handheld Developer Kit,” suggesting it will primarily be aimed at software developers and manufacturers to help them build their own software and hardware powered by Qualcomm’s mobile gaming technology. 
Alongside it, VideoCardz has also obtained slides detailing Qualcomm’s next flagship smartphone processor, the Snapdragon 8 Gen 1. The name shows off Qualcomm’s new branding for its mobile chips announced last month. The processor will reportedly be manufactured using a 4nm process, with a CPU that’s 20 percent faster and 30 percent more power efficient, and a GPU that’s 30 percent faster and 25 percent more power efficient than previous generation models.


Qualcomm Snapdragon G3x powers Razer’s handheld gaming console, Snapdragon 8 Gen1 flagship SoC also leaked https://t.co/hnqUxely80— VideoCardz.com (@VideoCardz) November 30, 2021



Other specs for the handheld gaming device include a USB-C port for XR accessories, support for DisplayPort over USB-C, a 6,000mAh battery, 1080p webcam, and “incredible ergonomics and haptics.” The screen is reportedly an OLED panel, with a 120Hz refresh rate and support for HDR. Wireless connectivity includes 5G mmWave, Wi-Fi 6E, and Bluetooth 5.2, and VideoCardz notes that the device could be capable of streaming games from services like xCloud.
Qualcomm is no stranger to putting out this kind of hardware, which is designed to encourage development on the company’s platforms. A Windows on Arm PC released earlier this year, for example, was aimed at giving software developers a cheaper piece of hardware to use to develop Arm apps for Snapdragon-based PCs. The company has also put out VR headsets equipped with its processors.
This latest developer kit comes in the wake of the announcement of Valve’s Steam Deck, a Linux-based handheld PC running on an AMD processor. But Valve is far from the only company that’s working on the form factor, with others like Lenovo and Alienware having shown off prototypes of their own (albeit with no plans for commercial releases). Qualcomm appears to be betting on other companies also being interested in similar devices and is marketing its processors as the best thing to power them.
There aren’t any details yet on when the developer kit may be officially announced, but with Qualcomm’s annual Snapdragon Tech Summit currently taking place in Hawaii, it’s unlikely that we’ll have too much longer to wait.



Kat Norton is a Microsoft Excel influencer. She has over a million followers on TikTok and Instagram, where she goes by the name Miss Excel, and she’s leveraged that into a software training business that is now generating up to six figures of revenue a day. That’s six figures a day. And she’s only been doing this since June 2020.
Kat is a one-woman operation, with no staff or management layer. She uses her iPhone and consumer software to make her videos, and I’ve got to say, she has one of the healthiest relationships with the social platforms of maybe any creator I’ve ever talked to: she thinks of them purely as marketing channels for the video courses she sells elsewhere. That’s a big flip from the traditional creator business model, which is usually aimed at monetizing the platforms directly. Kat’s just not doing that.
But where this conversation really got me was when Kat said she firmly believed in manifestation and energetics, and that she draws a repeated connection between the work she’s done there and the success she’s had as a creator and entrepreneur. Just listen in this conversation how easily and quickly Kat can go back and forth between talking about her core business metrics and strategies and harnessing her energy to connect with viewers across devices and platforms. I have spoken to a lot of creators and a lot of executives on this show; I have never met one like Kat. If you’ve been listening to this show, you might have guessed that I am not the sort of personality type that goes in for energetics and manifestation, but Kat was convincing.
I don’t want to give too much away because it’s all in the interview, but I think you’re really going to like this one.
Okay. Kat Norton. Miss Excel. Here we go. 

This transcript has been lightly edited for clarity.
Kat Norton, you are known as Miss Excel on TikTok and Instagram. You are the creator of something called the Excelerator Course. Welcome to Decoder.
Thank you so much for having me. I’m so excited to be here.
I am super excited to talk to you. I’m going to start this interview a little backward, because I think the size of the creator business you have built is remarkable. What’s your revenue like? Where are you at per day, per week, per month? I’m looking at some of our notes and they seem like big numbers.
When I first started the business, I scaled it within six months to six figures. Since then we have been doing six-figure months. I actually just had my first six-figure day a few weeks ago, which I was super excited about. It’s been just the most incredible, fun journey building this business.
What is the business? What are you selling?
So I sell Microsoft Excel courses and now all of the other Microsoft products. I have Google Sheets courses as well. I’d say about 95 percent of what I do is passive income course sales now.
That’s all just you — you’re just a one-person creative shop?
Yes. I have a virtual assistant that helps with some of my graphics on Instagram, but pretty much everything else has been a one-woman show over here.
That’s amazing. You are using TikTok and Instagram as a marketing channel, playing your character, Miss Excel. Your actual product is videos you’ve already made that people are buying subscriptions to. How does that work?
The social media channels are my main marketing. It’s mostly organic sales from there. I also host webinars that are usually those bigger, higher traffic days. I created lines of really fun courses. Each one’s around 100 videos. I design each video and infuse it with as much creativity and fun as possible. If you’ve seen my Instagram or my TikTok, you know I have to keep it fun. I also record everything myself so I’m bringing that energy into the videos. I also video edit everything myself too because for me that is half of the art form. For example, I’ll know I need to pop a picture of a hamburger on the screen for three seconds to make my analogies so the audience understands the concept. It’s where I go in with the teacher’s eye there. I create these courses — they’re like my babies. I make them from start to finish and I’m incredibly proud of them. They’ve been doing awesome on the market.
Are you selling them individually at $5 a video or are you selling subscriptions? What’s the model?
I sell it by course, so price points are $297 all the way through a bundle of most of my courses at $997. People buy lifetime access to my courses. I host them on the platform Thinkific.
Why 97?
When you cut it in half, the result also turns into a nice number. That was something I learned from some business coaches — whenever I run a sale, it’s usually $297 typically, but when you cut it in half, it looks nice at $149.
That’s great. I love it. This massive business is just you. That’s so impressive, but it’s also very different from other creator businesses that we’ve heard about on this show, or other creator businesses the average person has encountered. Now, let’s start at the beginning: how did you become Miss Excel?
Wow. What a great question. I’ll take you back to March 2020. At that time, I was working at a global consulting firm called Protiviti. I had been traveling every week before this, doing securitization interviews for banks. I had built out an Excel training course for fun right when I started at the company four and a half years ago. The company totally backed me and had me flying around the US hosting these Excel training sessions because I just genuinely loved to teach Excel. Around March, I stopped traveling and I found myself at my parents’ house in my childhood bed.
What happened in March?
Some nice pandemic stuff going on then. I stopped traveling, essentially, and so I had a lot more time on my hands. I started going deep into inner work, work on myself: meditation, mindfulness, manifestation. As backstory, I was actually incredibly shy and had a lot of anxiety before starting this project. I highly recommend that, before posting yourself dancing on the internet, that you do your fair share of inner work and make sure you’re at a place where you can handle what comes with that. I dove deep into the spiritual work and got myself to this place where I no longer had these limiting beliefs and constructs holding me in place. It was April 2020 at that point — I didn’t create Miss Excel until June, two months later. This wasn’t even a thought in my mind. I didn’t even have a TikTok — I turned to my mother and said, “Mom, I’m going to be rich and famous soon so I need you to prepare your nervous system for that.” She was laughing.
This is very intense.












Listen to Decoder, a show hosted by The Verge’s Nilay Patel about big ideas — and other problems. Subscribe here!


She was like, “What? Who are you?” I said, “Just watch.” And then I got this intuition to put Excel on TikTok. I didn’t even have a TikTok app on my phone at the time. I had so much resistance to it because my mental voice was saying, “You’re 27 years old. You cannot make a TikTok.” My gut voice was arguing, “Make the TikTok.” I ended up putting out a few videos, one per day. The fourth video hit 100,000 views. At that point, I hadn’t told anybody what I was doing besides my mother and my boyfriend. It starts getting shown to all these people I know. I’m thinking, “Oh, gosh.”  
By the sixth day, the CEO of an IT company reached out. He wrote, basically, “Hey, I love your teaching style. I’m looking to create training videos in G Suite products for students, parents, and teachers.” This is around the time during the pandemic when all the schools were going digital. I’m clearly a Microsoft gal, but I learn quickly. The spreadsheet products are similar, so I responded, “Sure. I’m game.” 
“I ordered a green screen and a ring light and set it up in my childhood bedroom.”
I formed an LLC. I ordered a green screen and a ring light and set it up in my childhood bedroom. I moved the furniture out of the way. I started recording videos after work and selling them back to this guy. At this point, it’s day six on TikTok, and I’m already making money. I decided that I’m just going to keep this thing rolling because I’m helping a lot of people — even though I wasn’t really getting paid off the Miss Excel, social media part of the equation. Within three weeks I went viral on a whole other scale. I looked at my phone to see that one of my videos hit 3.6 million views. I had 100,000 followers on TikTok. At that point, I asked myself: now what do I do?
That was still in June of 2020, when all the rumors were circulating that TikTok is going to disappear or be banned — all that noise. I had all these people in my ear convincing me that my whole business was going to vanish, so I decided that I’d better hedge my risk here. I created an Instagram account and only 2,000 people followed me there from TikTok. At that point, I thought, “I guess I have to go viral now on Instagram, too.” This is when Instagram Reels were first coming out, so within a few weeks on Instagram, I grew 50,000 followers from a video going viral. 
How did you make the video go viral on Instagram?
I have some techniques. The way I run my business is different from a lot of the strategies you’ll probably see on social media where the advice is typically to use certain hashtags and make the content a certain length in seconds. The people giving that advice are essentially trying to take these concepts and frame them in a way that they can hand off to anyone. 
Instead, the way I run and structure my business is through energetics. I get my energy to a place where my presence is truly magnetic and I will get visions of what will go viral. Then I run to my computer and I make those ideas because essentially social media content is straight-up energy transmissions. You’re receiving my energy through the phone.
If I’m showing up on your social media feed with low energy like, [drops enthusiasm] “Oh, hey. Here’s Excel. Blah, blah,” with that low frequency, the video is not going to hit. I do things to get my energy into a place where, one, I get the viral idea, and two, I’m able to execute it in a way that people are drawn to my energy. That’s how I’ve been able to grow it to over a million people now across the platforms. 
At that point, I had no courses. I was just creating viral content. My social media profiles started blowing up. Around October 2020, a business coach reached out to me. At the same time, Morning Brew had reached out. The business coach told me that if I was about to be on Morning Brew, I should have a product I’m selling. To that, I thought, “Oh, touché.” I took a couple of weeks off from the day job to whip out my first Excel course, and started selling it on Black Friday of 2020. 
Then, by January, only two months later, the course was already making more money per month than my day job. At that point, I had to reassess why I was staying there — 401k, benefits, health insurance — asking myself, “How am I going to leave that?” I had another business coach who told me that I needed to quit and suggested setting a deadline for me to resign. I quit two days later.
Was that the deadline? 48 hours?
Oh, no, the deadline was two weeks, but I got hyped up! I just needed that big sister energy that Ashley Hannawacker provided. She’s incredible. She came in and asked me, basically, “Girl, what are you doing?” I didn’t know. She insisted that I had to quit, and that was one of my best days. Half of my securitization group at my day job knew about my TikTok and didn’t really understand the caliber of what I was doing. The other half had no idea. All day I was on the phone, like, “Hey, Steve, do you know about me on the internet?” It was a wild day. 
By April, I started rolling out a second course. I did my first six-figure month. Business Insider had reached out for a feature. The whole Miss Excel project had been just scaling and growing. By June of 2021, I received the Microsoft MVP award. I also began working with Microsoft to learn more about their products so I could help my audience in better ways. The whole experience has been just incredible. It scaled to my first six-figure day a couple of weeks ago. I was super hyped about that.
Are you making six figures every day?
No, not every day.
Once you hit the peaks, there are valleys as well.
Right. I use webinars and I actually have one two hours after this call. I host these different high-energy Excel parties, essentially, where I come in and I teach a ton of free content. If you look at my page, I’m just giving away knowledge because my social media presence is what draws people in. That’s my purpose: to provide as much value to people as possible. That’s why I host these Excel training sessions and offer a deal on my products at the end of the webinar.
Does that strategy convert to income for you?
Yes.
I have a number of follow-up questions because you are a remarkable person.
Thank you.
Let’s start with the idea you mentioned about having to work on your individual mental constructs before you dance on the internet. I’ve spoken with a lot of people on this show, and you are the first person to ever say anything in that particular Venn diagram. What specifically do you mean by that phrase?
I had a trifecta situation. I’m not sure if you’re familiar with Joe Dispenza. He wrote the book Breaking the Habit of Being Yourself and is a doctor who really dives into demystifying the mystical. I’m an Excel girl. I’m a Capricorn. I have a very logical brain, so I needed something to explain the woo-woo mystical realm in a way that my conscious mind could understand. That’s really where that book opened it up for me; I was blown away by the law of attraction. At the same time, I did a program by Lacy Phillips called “To Be Magnetic” in which you put yourself into a hypnotic state. Once you’re in that state, you are able to bring your subconscious mind forward through binaural noises and all different things.
You essentially show your subconscious that there was another way during certain triggering memories. You’re able to go in and neutralize the electromagnetic charges associated with those memories. Those memories are no longer taking hold. From age zero to seven, we don’t have critical thinking skills. Everything that happens is incredibly more dramatic to a child. When I was able to go into my subconscious, I neutralized all those memories that were boxing me into making myself smaller, keeping me shy, and preventing me from showing up as my most authentic self. 
That’s something I would highly recommend doing, whether it’s meditation, mindfulness — everyone has something that works for them. I also do a lot of Kundalini yoga, which involves mantra, meditation, and activities that get my energy moving. For me, that was a great tip. I know people who have done all different programs: one of my friends did 75 Hard to really get into those different habits and reprogram the subconscious mind.
Before doing these programs, I never wanted any attention directed at me. I wouldn’t even have a birthday party. I was so incredibly shy. Now I’m dancing to dumb TikToks about Excel functions for a living and I love every second of it. I feel so confident. That change really is a testament to the inner work and how anybody can really just take wherever they’re at and go into their subconscious and rework these things. You don’t have to take life at face value. You are a quantum creator. That’s what really helped me drive and grow the business. The growth of the whole project has been a result of inbound leads. Every press opportunity, every sale, every bulk order, every podcast — everything has fallen onto my lap, essentially. Then I take messy action and go after things. It’s really this dance.
In terms of thinking about how to go viral, you mentioned that you put energy into the world and think about how to draw people to you magnetically. That’s a lot of vocabulary. What do you mean by “draw people to you magnetically”?
Think about when you watch a video: some videos make you feel good while others don’t. That’s the most basic way to frame it. I create videos that you are going to learn from; however, you are also going to have a smile on your face. I work on myself and raise my energy to a place where I’m coming across correctly on the platforms to make people happy. People want to watch things that raise their vibration. People want to watch things that make them happy and give them energy and inspire them. That process involves looking internally and then channeling that within me. That way, I can put that feeling into my content so the audience is not only learning, but they’re also having fun. That’s the name of the game.
“I work on myself and raise my energy to a place where I’m coming across correctly on the platforms to make people happy. People want to watch things that raise their vibration. People want to watch things that make them happy and give them energy and inspire them.”
Do you think of your magnetism as a competitive advantage? There are other Excel influencers — it’s surprising that “Excel social media star” is a burgeoning category, but it definitely is. Are you thinking of your content strategy as a moat? Are you thinking to yourself, “This is me”? How do you think about that in terms of the business you’re running?
I just work on myself and show up authentically every day. I really don’t view anything as competition. We’re all out here helping people. We’re all out here on the same mission. What I do is really just bringing my own authentic spin onto what I’m creating and putting out there.
What was the first piece of feedback where you realized that your strategy was working and that you needed to turn Miss Excel into a webinar business — as opposed to other, more familiar types of social media monetization? It doesn’t seem like you’re doing a lot of brand deals. You’re not selling Excel itself. You’re not doing advertising: I haven’t seen you endorse water bottles or whatever other people do. What are the things that pushed you into this particular revenue model?
I came into all this because I wanted to create the life that I wanted for myself. I wanted freedom: financial freedom and geographic freedom. I wanted just to be able to do what lights me up every day. For me, the passive income model was the fastest way to get to that place. For example, if I’m not launching courses, I work maybe 15 hours a week. I spend a lot of that time in a creative state of flow. Those are usually the days that the most sales will actually come in because I’m in that receiving energy. I wanted to create a life for myself where I can travel. My boyfriend and I right now are digital nomads: every month we fly to a new state. I wanted to live and explore while I’m still young instead of waiting until I retired. This business model is incredibly conducive to that.
What are your costs? Did you buy a fancy camera? You mentioned buying a big ring light earlier.
When I first started the business, I bought a ring light and a green screen. I use my iPhone to film my videos. My overhead, right when I started, was probably around $500 a month and everything else was profit. I hired an advertising company a few months ago, so I’m starting to get into a new presence — a few Facebook, Instagram, and LinkedIn ads. That has a little bit of overhead a month, but most of what I do is just straight passive income.
You also mentioned that you’re selling Miss Excel through a platform. Is that a contractual relationship? Is the platform self-service? How does that work?
I pay roughly $150 a month to use Thinkific. It’s a platform that hosts all my courses and completely automates the whole monetization process: a client signs up, pays the money, and then that money goes in my bank account. All of that is lined up through the platform. 
Does Thinkific take a cut of those transactions?
I believe they do. My Stripe payment processor takes a cut as well.
As you get scale, have you thought about negotiating those prices down, or are you just not at that place yet? Other businesses will see, for example, that they are paying 30 percent of their in-app purchases to Apple on the App Store and decide that they are not getting any value out of that. Are you at that part of the curve?
My Thinkific plan is the growth model, so I’m pretty sure I only pay a few pennies per person. Stripe, I think, takes 3 percent. It’s really nothing dramatic.
These are just dumb, basic questions. Are you paying for Creative Cloud to edit the videos? What software do you use?
This is actually funny. When I first started the business, I worried about how I was going to put an Excel screen over my head, since I had never edited a video in my life. At that point, I was still working 60 hours a week at a day job, so I needed to find the easiest program to learn. I Googled, “What is the easiest video editing software?” WeVideo is what I found. I watched a 40-minute YouTube video tutorial on that program. I’ve used WeVideo to create all my videos and courses ever since. I don’t edit on apps like TikTok or Instagram to avoid their watermarks when I upload videos cross-platform.
So is the desire for your videos to live away from the platform the driving factor for you to use another piece of software?
Yes.
To me, this is the heart of every creator conversation on Decoder. Most creators have a business that looks like the business the platform wants you to have: most Instagramers have a brand licensing or  partnership business, while most YouTubers have an AdSense business. You haven’t limited your business to the form the platforms would like it to take: you’re building Miss Excel independently of the platforms. Was that an accident or was it pre-planned? How did you get to this point?
That was the model I knew. I have a lot of business coach friends making millions of dollars a year with 5,000 followers; they built out these different coaching containers. For me, that was the model I followed: you create some type of course or product and you sell it. I’ve done a couple of ads for supplement companies and things like that, but they don’t make me money. They’re not translating — I just genuinely love the product so I wanted to work with them, but my audience loves Excel and that’s what they’re here for. That’s what sells.
One of the things about Excel and Google Sheets is that the products change. Excel releases new versions often, and Google updates a bit less frequently. A lot of the TikToks I’ve seen are about core Excel functions: pivot tables and changing uppercase to lowercase in names. These are tricks people don’t know about, but then they realize it’s very easy once they learn. That content is very grabby, but as you get deeper into Excel, the interface changes or features are added. Do you worry that you have to chase Microsoft’s roadmap or do you think your content is pretty evergreen?
It’s pretty evergreen. Excel doesn’t change as much as you think. Whenever there are new functions or fun features coming out, I usually get to learn about them early and figure out cool ways to implement them because I work with Microsoft as an MVP. I use that knowledge to drive my content and courses. Everyone gets lifetime access when they purchase my courses and I’m constantly adding in anything new and cool that comes up, so my videos always have the freshest content.
So people get lifetime access for a single one-time payment of $997, correct?
It’s for the bundle. Yes, you get everything.
A lot of other places in this zone — MasterClass, Lynda, and the like — are charging a subscription fee. Why aren’t you doing subscriptions?
Excel’s a little different in terms of learning curve. A customer could pay $10 to $25 a month — then they could take my course in a weekend and be totally done. The subscription model doesn’t work out as well. For me, the secondary feature is the subscription-type feature. A client could learn everything in a weekend, let’s say. That person knocks out my Excel course. They really get it. But then three months later, they go to do a VLOOKUP and need to brush up on what I showed them in the video. That’s why I wanted to have it as an ongoing thing, as that added resource.
“The subscription model doesn’t work out as well.”
 I structure my courses in a way where they are organized by individual tool. So if you’re needing to do a VLOOKUP — boom! You can see it right there: 10 minutes, get an example, pop that in. But that system was a secondary feature that would align more with a subscription model. A lot of people just dive in and study the material, so if I had a subscription at a lower cost point, they could just cancel it after they learn it.
Do you think that eventually you might add other pricing models or other ways of monetizing what you’re doing?
Potentially. Right now the price points have been great for the courses — bundling them in different ways. I also do corporate trainings on occasion, so I have higher-ticket items offered and I do bulk discounts for companies as well. That’s another area that I work in.
One of the challenges with platforms in particular is the instability: one app might get shut down, forcing you to use another. The government might break Facebook up into a billion pieces. There’s a lot of that going on with the platforms — for instance, Instagram is turning into a shopping app and the grid is being disfavored in terms of Stories and now Reels. Do you think about those dynamics? As in, “I’ve got to stay present on the apps because they’re my core marketing functions, so now I’ve got to make sure I know what Instagram wants out of me”?
Yes, though I view it from the lens of abundance. My attitude and thought process is basically: if Reels are hot, make some Reels. I look at it as adapting to whatever the platform’s putting out because it’ll allow me to have the greatest reach, versus having an outlook of being forced to do something or else I won’t be present on the apps anymore. I just flow with what’s there. I keep an eye out for trends and things happening, different apps.
Where do you source trends?
Usually I go on TikTok and hit the sounds button, which allows you to see what songs are trending. Then I get myself into a creative flow state. It usually takes me about an hour to really get in there. I listen to the snippets of the different songs and that’s when I get the intuitive hits of, “Boom, that song needs to go with this Excel trick.” Some people ask how I match rap songs to Excel tricks — ”Drop It Like It’s Hot” to a dropdown menu for instance. But that’s really my creative process: I go in and I get into a flowy state. Then when I hear certain lyrics, I’m thinking, “Ooh, there we go!” Then I write them in a note on my phone and batch create them.
What’s your process with Instagram?
Same thing — I’ll still use the TikTok music button, because a lot of it is very aligned across the two platforms. Sometimes TikTok has more music options than Instagram, so that always gets a little dicey, but I create content across the platforms. I started making content for LinkedIn recently. I created a Twitter and have basically no followers, but Microsoft tweeted at me and I realized I need to get on the Twitter game. 
Twitter is what poisons your mind in the end.
I’m a Twitter noob.
Just as little Twitter exposure as you can get is what’s going to keep you in that head space, I promise you. When you think about your marketing channels and how successful they’ve been, and now that you’ve hired a firm to do the paid side of the marketing channels, what are you hoping that they will accomplish?
Scaling. I want million-dollar months — that is what I’m aiming for. It’s really now just scaling on different platforms and creating different types of content. My ads are actually Excel tricks so they’re functional. People actually like and comment on my ads. They end up sharing the ad because they learned something from it.
When you think about massive scale, one of the things that comes up with creators on this show a lot is burnout: if you don’t make the next YouTube video, your views are going to drop. If you don’t make the next Instagram story, you’re not relevant anymore and the brand deals might go away. It is a real fear. I’ve heard a lot about creator burnout. Are you at the point where you’re trying to manage burnout or not?
No, because I just don’t view the world that way. I view it through a lens of abundance. The number one thing I do is energy management, and I only call in things into my realm that I can handle. I always feel comfortable saying yes to things: I know if an opportunity is presented to me, that I can handle it. I have a lot of techniques for stress: when I meditate, I come back out 10 minutes later, ready to take over the world. It’s really just managing those things. When I go a week without posting, nothing bad happens — I’ll just go viral the next week and my audience grows by 100,000. I just view it as though there will always be abundance there for me whenever I feel called to create. If I want to take a week off and go sit in the mountains instead, I’ll do that.
What’s fascinating about this is that, for most of the other creators I talk to — their product is their social following. Your product is not. Do you see that the distance between the two is what enables you to have this radically different perspective? The fact that your product is not your social following has enabled other things, so are you focused on making sure that you have a split there?
Absolutely. I just trust in the fact that I know I’m going to keep creating viral content. I had a video for the song “The Assignment” a few weeks ago, and it hit 6.7 million views on both platforms and my Instagram grew by 200,000 people in 10 days. It’s that type of thing where I just trust that I can do that, and boom. That’s a whole huge new customer base. As long as I keep myself happy and I keep myself in this state of abundance, I can keep going inward and getting those intuitive hits of what will go viral. It’s never a scarcity mindset. If I didn’t post today, my life isn’t over. My fans won’t be wondering where I am. I think some of them care about my life, but it’s a utility account. They care about the Excel content.
As long as I have videos blowing through the algorithm and I’m still creating tips and tricks — I actually find that on the days where I don’t post, I gain the most followers. I still have Reels going through the algorithm, and when people unfollow you, it’s typically because you appear on their screen and they remember you exist and they decide to unfollow. If I look at my trends on the days I don’t post, I have Reels being pushed out to people who don’t follow me who are now following me. However, the people who follow me already saw the Reel, so they’re not thinking about me. That’s actually a strategy I have for growth because you get fewer unfollows on the days you don’t post.
I cannot believe I haven’t asked this question already. Do you track these things in Excel?
Actually, they move so quickly that I don’t. I just flow because it really doesn’t implicate what I do. I still go based off my intuition. And if I hear a song, I have a hit, I’m not going to be thinking that on Tuesday I lost 12 followers so I shouldn’t post. I still do me, and that authenticity is what really drives it.
You run your business in Excel though, right? I have to know that you’re not a secret QuickBooks person on the side.
Oh no, no, no, no! I run my business through Excel, yes.
Okay. Just checking. That brings up another opportunity: you can scale into other software, since there is a big market for training overall, but there’s only one of you — you’re literally known as Miss Excel. Sure, Google Sheets comes along for the ride too. Do you want to be known as Miss Outlook?
I have an Outlook course drafting in the next few weeks. I have courses for the entire Microsoft suite going on right now that are percolating. I’m in my creative mode up here in the mountains. I’ve been just recording videos nonstop. I have seasons where I’m in creation mode and then I’m in a flowy mode. 
Right now, we are in Q4: going in, creating, building all these courses. I had learned things really quickly and I was also obviously very familiar with Microsoft products, so I really sat with them and just found cool, creative things to do. With Excel, I originally wondered, “Should I be Miss Microsoft instead or something?” but Miss Excel has grown into such a brand — I know people still trust that I know how to use the other Microsoft products and Google Sheets and all that even though I fall under Miss Excel.
Excel is also just such a different program than all the others. Excel has a following. Excel has passion behind it because it’s literally just a way to build models. It’s essentially a freeform app where you can create different models on it, so it has this whole separate following. There’s just so much you can do with it too as compared to the other products. It’s wild. I’m always learning things.
One of the jokes we tell on our other show all the time is, if you look at any business and what people are actually doing, a huge percentage of businesses are just people using Excel. At the end of the day, someone’s got to use Excel. That’s actually the work, and everyone else is just talking about what the person using Excel is doing. 
Here’s a big question: earlier this year, I had a guy called Kevin Roose from the New York Times. He had just written a book about automation hitting the white collar workforce, and one of the big pieces of that is something called robotic process automation, which Microsoft actually sells. Robotic process automation is basically really high-end Excel macros that replace floors of accountants and consulting firms. Do you feel that a cliff is coming? Are you worried that the robots are all going to be using Excel in the future, not people who want to see dancing on TikTok?
I think there’s always going to be room for Excel. I think the program will just keep continuing to develop and grow. It’s just going into so many different markets too. The Excel online space is something that’s been growing more robustly. It’s being used in schools with kids. I just started working with Flipgrid, which has 100 million students, parents, and teachers on it. I’m taking my Excel tricks there so people can put them into classrooms and start teaching these different skill sets at a younger age. 
I think that it’s always going to be around in some way, shape, or form. There will be people in the spreadsheets and it will just keep moving along. There’s cool things happening too: I was reading about different things with Microsoft Teams that will make that realm more virtual. I think it was called Mesh or something where they were bringing in their own version of metaverse-type things. It’s Microsoft — they’re going to continue to expand and grow and keep the customer base going.
You’ve said a few times that Miss Excel and your social media accounts are a utility, and they are. People love Excel. They want to get better at it. You make it fun. The other side of creatordom is your personality. You obviously have a gigantic personality, but that’s what most creators sell. “Come live in my life. Ride my G-wagon through the streets of LA.” That works for them. Have you thought about selling that part of yourself, about being that kind of influencer?
Definitely down the line I want to really show people how I’m able to make and manage such a healthy relationship with social media, growing a business, being an entrepreneur — all while genuinely waking up happy every day. Part of my master plan is that I just want to blow this business up as big as humanly possible and then turn around and teach people how I did it, and also how I stayed so sane and happy while doing it. My overall purpose on this planet is to light up as many people as I can while I’m here. I want everyone living their authentic purpose — feeling good, showing up, doing what they love. I built a platform for myself through Miss Excel so that eventually I will be able to light some people up, because that’s what I’m here for.
Do you think you can do that without tearing down the wall between the utility you make for people teaching Excel and your life? It seems like your personal life is not on display, which might be why it’s a healthy relationship with social media.
I balance it a little bit. On my Instagram Stories, you’ll see me running around Sedona doing whatever. I get so many DMs from people saying things like, “Whoa, that just rocked my world. How are you doing that?” It’s been more of a behind-the-scenes thing, but eventually maybe I’ll just go viral on my personal page and start teaching these different things and grow that separately. Alternatively, I might integrate it into the Excel page and start coaching through there and helping people grow their businesses through energetics and managing your energy.
So we’ve talked about how you have a healthy and important distance from social platforms. As you think about your relationship with Microsoft, they’re showing you the features — are you worried that you’re maybe reliant on one vendor? Or are you trying to keep a distance from all of them?
“I absolutely love Microsoft.”
No. I absolutely love Microsoft. They have been incredible to me, and I love working with them. It’s such a big company, so I’m always talking to different groups about different things. I also teach the Google products too, but I feel like Microsoft is big enough that those products are used in so many different businesses and that just opens doors in all different areas. If I wanted to do collaborations with different companies and work on their tools with them, then it’s all the same base.
I talk to creators all the time. They all tell me that YouTube is the gold standard for monetization and for audience relationship. You have a Twitter, but you don’t have a YouTube. That’s pretty backwards in terms of what we see typically. Are you staying out of YouTube entirely? Do you have a YouTube plan? What’s going on there?
I think I’m going to start advertising on YouTube, but for me, the course sales make so much more sense. If I was teaching my courses for free on YouTube, no one would pay for them. For me, it just made more sense to continue doing that instead of trying to grow an audience over time and get ad money on YouTube. I’m not saying I’ll never do it. I saw there’s new little YouTube Shorts and things like that, so I might look into it. But right now, what I’ve got going has been working so well. 
Right now I’m heads down, creating courses, creating passive income streams. If I ever get to the point where things are quiet and I’m in the mood to do something — never say never. I may dabble.
YouTube is another platform that can eat your brain, so it seems like you’re in a very good head space. The farther away you keep Twitter and YouTube, the better off you are. Do you think about branching out to the whole Microsoft suite — Outlook, Teams, Word, and PowerPoint? Or even other creative suites?  I’m sure you could be Miss Photoshop if you went for it.
I love Photoshop.
You are only one person. Have you ever thought about when you might need to add another person?
Yeah. I think it depends on where I want the business to go and how much it’s making passively. Building it into a full business is another whole area of time commitment. Having to be a CEO with all that entails, hiring and training people — I would need to really gauge whether that’s worth my time building it in that direction. What I have right now is 95 percent passive. Trading time for money is something I absolutely don’t want to do. I would need to have that vision and feel so strongly about it and have the right people.
I also learn things incredibly quickly, so sometimes I am able to just pick up different skills. If I don’t know a certain skill, I’ll watch a few videos on it. At that point, I understand it totally and am able to teach it.  I would have to gauge whether it’s something I’m interested in learning or whether I’d rather hire someone and do payroll. I’d have to be more interested in it than traveling around, having passive income. I’d have to gauge which lifestyle I want to have at that stage in my life, too.
What do you think the timeline is for a decision like that? I’ll use The Verge as an example: we started with 12 people and management overhead from the very beginning. But as we’ve grown, a lot of us, myself included, had to make decisions where we’re thinking, “If we’re going to have 50 people, most of my time will become management. It’s either that or I’m going to have to let someone else do it, which is worse, so I’m going to choose to be the manager.” There’s another timeline of business growth where you choose to be the individual contributor for the next 10 years and that’s what your life will look like. Alternatively, you can scale it but then you have to do a different kind of work. Maybe that’s the new challenge. Have you thought about that kind of timeline?
Yes. I feel like I want to give it at least another year. The whole project is just scaling so quickly that it’s hard for me to even imagine a timeline, because if you’d have asked me a year ago, I wouldn’t have thought it’d be as big as it is right now. I keep collapsing timelines. All of a sudden I’m 10 steps ahead of where I thought I’d be right now, so it’s tough to tell. I’m going to get these courses out in the next few weeks and then I want to see how big it’s scaling. Really, if I’m ever bored, then I think that’s something I would look into. But right now, Miss Excel has been going so well that I’m just rocking and rolling with it for now.
Do you ever think you have to circle back to the first Excel video you made, thinking maybe, “I wasn’t so good at WeVideo then. The interface has changed. I need to remake it”? Are you thinking about your videos on an update cadence that way?
Eventually I’m going to update certain videos, especially when new different features come out in Excel. But the courses are really cool and fun. Sometimes I go through my own stuff because I want to know what it’s like for the audience, and I’ll think, “Dang, I’m pretty funny today.” I’ll watch my videos and just be sitting there cracking up at myself, having a grand old time. I just made them less than a year ago, so it’s still pretty fresh.
Kat, this conversation has been incredible. What’s next for Miss Excel?
So many things. Honestly, I can’t even tell you what’s next, because everything just keeps flowing with me. Short term: we have the rest of the Microsoft courses launching in the next few weeks. I’m super hyped about that. I’m really just scaling from here — scaling holiday season, Black Friday, doing it up, seeing where we land Q1 2022.
I love it. It’s been incredible talking to you. Thank you for coming on Decoder.
Thank you so much for having me.



Decoder with Nilay Patel
    A podcast from The Verge about big ideas and other problems.
  

Subscribe now!




Procedural stories in video games often induce a specific kind of delight. You’ll know when it hits — a realization that the code and algorithms of the game seem to be generating a coherent narrative from your own impulsive, seemingly chaotic actions. It’s what 2020’s viral sensation Blaseball and this year’s breakout indie hit, Wildermyth, share in common — two strikingly different games whose reactive stories are nevertheless cut from the very same cloth. 
Players have grown accustomed to procedural generation in a spatial sense. Just look at the endless variations of levels that define games such as Hades in the ever-popular rogue-like genre and the infinite planets that populate the virtual universe of 2016’s No Man’s Sky. But procedural narratives are a different beast. (Distinct, it should be noted, from pre-written branching stories). They’re slippery, simulation-driven configurations of plot, setting, conflict, resolution, and people.
Drama, as video games continue to prove, is harder to convince players of than space itself, which makes procedural successes all the more eye-catching — from mainstream hits such as The Sims to cult classics like Rimworld. Now it feels like this sandbox approach to storytelling is starting to bear even greater narrative fruit. 
 









Dwarf Fortress.



If you ask game makers about the origins of procedural narratives, you’ll get nothing resembling a consensus. For some, it started with randomly generated dungeons of 1980’s Rogue; for others, choose-your-own-adventure books. Nate Austin, designer and programmer of tactical role-playing game Wildermyth, sees procedural storytelling as stemming from tabletop board games like Dungeon and Dragons — experiences that provide rules and a structure from which a vast number of narratives can spawn. In his view, and those of more than a few others, 2006’s Dwarf Fortress, a management game about dwarves seeking to colonize an austere, text-based world, is the inheritor to this particular genus of narrative design. 
For newcomers, Dwarf Fortress can be intimidating. Beneath its mass of inscrutable ASCII icons lies a fiendishly complex simulation. On a basic level, its world is filled with flora, fauna, foes, and resources, plus, of course, your dwarves, all of whom have unique personalities. Your job is to ensure their happiness by building a colony that can satisfy their various needs and, thus, ensure the survival of the group. You might ace colonization itself, but then, suddenly, a gigantic monster kills half your group, which means you fail to bring in the harvest. Just like that, the colony is no more. “It sort of naturally creates these stories,” says Austin over Zoom. “And because you’re invested in the personalities all along, the drama happens in your head.”
“With procedural storytelling, there’s the suggestion of a machine beneath the hood.”
With Dwarf Fortress and 2016’s RimWorld (which self-consciously builds on the former’s legacy), Austin suggests this is the closest video games have come to the freedom of tabletop experiences — “theater of the mind,” as he calls it. The designer has fond memories of such experiences, having played and dungeon-mastered Dungeons and Dragons sessions as a kid alongside his siblings Douglas Austin and Katie Austin (both are writers on the game). This narrative possibility is precisely what Austin sought to capture with Wildermyth, albeit in a more accessible style than either of those two games. 
Wildermyth begins, as you might expect, with randomly generated characters. At first, they’re humble homesteaders but eventually grow into battle-hardened protectors of the realm. Events happen along the way: love, rivalries, children, and death. The most remarkable aspect of the game is that neither the precise order of these events nor their exact form is preordained. Wildermyth cooks up its story on the fly, and so while narratives follow a broad structure, they never quite land the same. Crucially, these characters are yours, so you care for them in a way that would perhaps surprise even the most curmudgeonly player.
The game’s magic, explains Austin, is in its “alternating layers of handcrafted and procedural content.” There’s the grand central narrative with a clearly defined beginning, middle, and end — procedural events that stem from the combat and personalities of your characters; then there’s the comic strips (dubbed “Library of Plays”) that bookend each event. Crucially, these “plays,” of which there are well over 100, are written in such a way that the code is able to seamlessly incorporate your heroes into them. The game succeeds both on a momentary basis — by turns charming, funny, suspenseful — and as a larger work of fiction, ebbing and flowing like a classic fantasy epic.
Wildermyth’s magic also stems from its approach to time. Campaigns typically last a century of in-game time, which means you not only see your characters age but the enemy advance ominously across the world map. Procedural RPG Unexplored 2 (currently in early access) works similarly. Every time your character dies, time and the game’s foes march forwards, and in this moment, you see the game’s whirring systems most clearly. “With procedural storytelling,” says Joris Dormans, director of Unexplored 2, “there’s the suggestion of a machine beneath the hood. You’re interacting directly with that, and in a way, you’re collaborating [with it] to create the story. I think that’s so powerful.”
 









Wildermyth



Both Wildermyth and Unexplored 2 are products of what’s become a cottage industry of procedural storytellers across Europe and North America. Montreal’s Kitfox Games is both a developer of games like the wonderfully gloomy cult simulator, The Shrouded Isle, as well as a publisher. It’s set to release a visually updated version of Dwarf Fortress on Steam, part of an ongoing collaboration between co-founder Tanya Short and Dwarf Fortress designer Tarn Adams. (The two co-edited 2019’s Procedural Storytelling in Game Design — what amounts to a bible for aspiring writers and designers in the field.) Across the Atlantic, Emily Short (no relation to Kitfox’s Tanya) recently joined Failbetter Games as creative director, bringing a wealth of interactive fiction experience to the studio developing the romance-murder game Mask of the Rose. 
Short’s CV includes both interactive fiction classics (2000’s Galatea asks you to have a conversation with a sculpture), as well as tools like Versu (axed in 2014 by its proprietor, Linden Labs, the studio behind Second Life). Like Dormans, whose work in video games stems from his PhD on emergent game design at the University of Amsterdam, Short has one foot in commercial game development and another in academia. She’s not alone — there’s a big crossover between the two worlds because studios are reluctant to fund costly research and development when there’s no guarantee of successful outcomes. Game makers often spend a few years cutting their teeth in the industry, moving into academia for research, before returning to commercial game development armed with a fresh set of narrative tools.
 










The major hub of this academic study is University of California, Santa Cruz, home to students and professors that cluster around its Expressive Intelligence Studio. Formed in 2006 by Michael Mateas, maker of the ambitious 2005 conversation simulator Façade, the work that emanates from the lab continually pushes the boundaries of AI and storytelling. Academics such as Max Kreminski are focusing their efforts on what they call emergent narrative, another name for the same kind of simulation-driven plots of Wildermyth and Dwarf Fortress. Over an audio call, they describe it as a “bottom-up” approach to narrative design — their job is to “find and bubble up” the interesting stories that fall out of the player’s interactions.
One way Kreminski is attempting this is through what they call “story sifting,” an approach that could give even greater shape, structure, and meaning to these procedural narratives. Think of it as the computer scanning (or sifting) in-game events to find interesting micro-stories — perhaps a lovers’ tryst or an escalating tale of revenge. These are surfaced to the player and then woven back into the game. The greatest challenge, explains Kreminski, is not in identifying these stories (they feed the computer examples of what to look for) but matching events that have already happened with those that are in the process of emerging. If they can do this, these stories can be stitched together in such a way that they become a cohesive whole, a kind of plot-combo that stretches both in front of, and behind, the player. 
Kreminski points to a few titles that have utilized something close to story sifting in the past. 2004’s The Sims 2 features “story trees,” which recognize sequences of events and nudge the player towards completing them. Social simulation Prom Week (which emerged from the Expressive Intelligence Studio in 2012) features characters that look at the history of its high-school world to influence next actions. 
But perhaps the most in-depth implementation of story sifting is in 2020’s ongoing absurdist baseball simulator, Blaseball. Players bet on matches involving bizarre fictional teams (like the Baltimore Crabs) whose roster includes even weirder procedurally-generated characters (their traits can range from Shakespearian to anti-capitalist). The sifting happens in a few different ways, explains Cat Manning, narrative and design consultant on the game. At first, it was simply oral storytelling — players would have to see an event happen in real-time and then relay that to the community. But then, because the game spits out an eye-watering amount of data, players were having trouble keeping track — which is where the Society for Internet Blaseball Research stepped in. The fan community essentially developed a tool to let players watch replays of past games using data available on the site, what Manning calls a “backward story sifting.”
Blaseball now features its own “feed” on the site that surfaces important storylines to players, but a great deal of the story sifting still happens organically in the Discord chat. While most procedural stories occur within single-player games, Blaseball is a rare example of what happens when the scope is blown up to incorporate tens of thousands of players — almost like a mass hallucination. The deluge of fan art and even music is a testament to not just the stories its spreadsheet-like simulation generates but the way we as players are able to imagine color and detail into its world, just as readers do with literature. 
 









Middle-earth: Shadow of Mordor.



You might be wondering why major studios, usually so quick to incorporate such innovations into their glossy blockbusters, haven’t yet jumped on procedural storytelling. The simple answer is that the variables involved become infinitely more complex and expensive at such scale. Still, there are a few exceptions: 2014’s action-adventure Middle-earth: Shadow of Mordor tracks your showdowns with the game’s Uruk mini-bosses through its Nemesis System. In turn, the game creates rivalry-focused mini-narratives inarguably more enjoyable than the main story itself. There’s also the State of Decay series, which features a cast of algorithmically generated zombie survivalists, the first a great deal more successfully than the second.
By far, the most ambitious blockbuster attempt at procedural storytelling is 2020’s Watch Dogs: Legion. Its hook, the “Play As Anyone” system, lets you recruit non-playable characters to a crack squad of hacker-activists seeking to liberate a grim, dystopian London. Every single non-playable character has a unique background — occupation, hobbies, relationships, felonies, special abilities — all of which are generated by the game’s “Census” system. The beauty of the game lies in assembling this squad according to your own specific preferences. 
“There’s already so many spinning plates.”
While the “Play As Anyone” system is easy to understand, its implementation was anything but, says Liz England, team lead game designer, over Zoom. She describes it as like picking up a rock only to discover there’s an entire civilization attached below. Because of its procedurality, whole aspects of production had to be relearned — animation, lip-synching, in-game lighting. “There’s already so many spinning plates shipping a game like Watch Dogs: Legion,” says England, “and then you say to everyone, ‘This tech you’ve been using, we’re gonna throw it out. This pipeline, we need to invent it from scratch.’ To make a game with a difficult concept to wrap your head around from a developer’s side and then to scale that to hundreds of people across multiple studios around the world — it’s very different to if you’re making an indie game.”
England, who recently joined a new studio headed up by State of Decay’s Jeff Strain, says there are other aspects of indie procedural storytelling that big-budget games can’t hope to match — at least not yet. Take medieval power simulator Crusader Kings 3, which generates text boxes with information specific to your playthrough. That becomes much harder when it’s something somebody actually has to say out loud. “The whole audio pipeline is just very expensive,” continues England. “It needs to be done early on because it has to be recorded with actors in other languages.” On a broader level, procedurality, especially within narratives, involves a relinquishing of control over the player’s experience. Making sure it’s one that can meet the expectations of famously exacting video game players — well, that’s tough. 
 









Unexplored 2: The Wayfarer’s Legacy



As it stands, the indie world will continue to innovate, both in terms of games themselves and the tools used to create them. Emily Short, creative director of Failbetter Games, is excited about “socially and culturally democratizing” the space. “Having knowledge and tools be accessible, and having new people come in who want to experiment — this is part of the reason I write so much on my blog,” she says. “Even if specific innovations that I’m working on go nowhere, at least I’m equipping other people. It feels to me like there’s a huge space of unknown possibilities.”
“It feels to me like there’s a huge space of unknown possibilities.”
Others echo Short’s sentiment. Because of the high level of technical expertise required to make these stories work, studios tend to have their own in-house software solutions. At the moment, says Tanya Short of Kitfox Games, it’s a case of “everyone building their own weird engine.” But she knows of one developer who’s about to start looking for private funding to develop their own tool (inspired, she says, by Versu). “There’s a need for it,” continues Short, “because there’s an emerging vocabulary set, but it’s basically industry jargon. Without words to describe [procedural storytelling], it’s very hard to discuss.” Alongside such tools, the Kitfox co-founder predicts machine-learning will buff up the audio and visual aspects of procedural storytelling, from voice-acting to art, so you’ll have “much higher production values on all indie games but especially those with procedurally-generated content.”
What’s clear is that procedural storytelling won’t wholesale replace straightforwardly human-authored plots anytime soon. For those worried about such a possibility, Short offers a thoughtful rebuttal. “That feels like it’s mistaking the pleasures of one thing for the pleasures of a different thing,” she says. Instead, players will continue to enjoy the sharply focused, linear narratives of titles such as those in the Uncharted franchise while being able to play games that convey the unmistakable, thrilling sensation of co-authoring a story with a machine.
While the likes of Wildermyth are part of a long procedural storytelling tradition, the field as a whole still feels as if it’s only on act one — the potential is as vast and varied as stories themselves. 

Hello! I’m back from Thanksgiving break and now have mashed potatoes for brains. Really, I’ve eaten mashed potatoes five days in a row. I can stop, but I won’t stop until the leftovers are gone. Anyway, in between mashed potato servings, I did my best to “log off” and not think about audio — no offense — so instead, I binged the entire new season of Selling Sunset and played many crosswords. I’m back for you now, though, and we have a big issue ahead. We’re talking about how a dating app stumbled upon viral audio success, and I chatted with the CEO of podcasting’s latest $100 million-funded company, Podimo. Plus, an update to my RadioPublic story from last week and new Apple charts. Lots! Of! Stuff(ing)! On we go.
EXCLUSIVE: Hinge makes viral audio happen, despite many other apps trying
Today’s main story is one best told in a couple parts. The first: Last month, the dating app Hinge debuted voice prompts to daters’ profiles. Instead of telling potential matches about yourself with text, you could do so with your voice. Each clip can be 30 seconds, and, at launch, Hinge said two out of three daters it polled thought voice would help them “better determine their chemistry” with someone.
Fast forward to now, and, well, voice prompts are certainly doing something. The prompts have gone viral on TikTok and Twitter, with people reposting them either because they’re funny, cringe-worthy, or something in between. There’s impersonations, singing, sincerity, and bizarre moments. NBC News wrote about the viral fad a couple weeks ago, which you can read here.
I reached out to Hinge to get more concrete data on how this feature is performing and whether going viral was part of the plan. The company tells me 13 percent of new daters on the app build their profile with a voice prompt and that 46 percent of people on the app have listened to at least one voice prompt. A slow build, but one Michelle Parsons, Hinge’s CPO, interprets as encouraging.
“If you imagine the amount of extra time that it takes to add any piece of information to your profile, it’s already a friction point. So we’re really excited with this, and our plans are to continue to help users see the value, and things like them going viral on TikTok has definitely been very helpful for us here,” she says. She also adds that these new users — the 13 percent integrating the feature — are seeking voice prompts out on their own because their creation isn’t part of the onboarding flow. 
46 percent of users have played a voice prompt
People on the app record their voice in response to their selected but Hinge-curated prompts, so they aren’t just talking about nothing for 30 seconds. The most popular prompt so far, per a spokesperson, is: “A life goal of mine.” The second most popular is “All I ask is that you.” 
Throughout our chat, Parsons emphasized the reason Hinge thought voice prompts made sense in a dating app. Namely, if people are “trying to assess vibe, personality, what [a match] is looking for, [and] what’s it like to date them,” Hinge is best off giving them as much data as possible. 
“Our goals are to get users off of the app and into a relationship, or at the very least into a good date, and the constructed, the curated, doesn’t always necessarily relate to a positive experience with another person, and so we want to help users showcase more of their personality, more authenticity, which really comes from your voice — it’s really hard to hack your voice,” she says, adding that the team didn’t see “very high adoption” of voice calling, another audio-oriented feature, likely because making a cold call to a stranger is more intimidating than firing off a 30-second clip and hoping for the best. 
People took to voice prompts, not voice calls
Now, part two of this story is how Hinge got lucky with this viral moment. Lots of other apps are trying to create the TikTok of audio — Facebook chief among them, along with many decently funded startups focusing on shortform audio. Hinge didn’t set out to make a viral feature that would come with wide-ranging network effects, or at least Parsons says that wasn’t the intent. So why did this take off? For a couple reasons, I think. For one: Hinge already has a massive network. It’s been downloaded more than 5 million times and has a better shot of making a feature popular over a startup. (Facebook has yet to widely launch its attempt at shortform audio, Soundbites, and I’ll be watching how that performs for similar reasons.)  
Two: The dating app space is particularly ripe for viral audio — context is everything. A random person telling you their opinion on what NYC pizza spot is the best or, god forbid, their life goal is incredibly boring. There are no stakes — why do I care? But if you’re instead assessing whether you want to literally meet this person or hook up with them, all of a sudden, that opinion is critical. (L&B’s, baby!) This is also probably why Clubhouse had such a pandemic moment. Currently, I can go talk to my friends and family IRL or over the phone or even go to a bar to chat up a stranger — why do I want to have someone talking at me through an app? But when we were all stuck at home, the stakes were real. When will I meet a new person again??
All of which is to say, these startups have a challenge ahead of them. TikTok made remixing sound and visuals viral fodder, and the same will happen solely for audio, too, I’m sure. But will it be inside a wholly new app or one you join for some other purpose and audio is the fun bit on top? My bet is on the latter.












Enjoying this story? Hot Pod is a newsletter from The Verge that delivers news, analysis, and opinions on the audio industry written by Ashley Carman. The weekly Tuesday issue is free, and you can subscribe to two additional Hot Pod Insider newsletters per week for $7 / month or $70 / year.  


EXCLUSIVE: The newest $100 million podcasting app
There’s a new, highly funded podcast app on the market: Podimo. The app, which has yet to come out in the US but launched in 2019 and is already in multiple European and Latin American countries, announced its $78 million Series B funding round late last week, bringing its total funding to over $100 million. That’s a number familiar to those of us who’ve been watching this space for a minute now — Luminary famously launched with $100 million in funding, as did Himalaya. (Though a source told me Himalaya’s funding was made up earlier this year.) 
Funnily enough, Podimo’s strategy is somewhat similar to both those companies’ in that its business is built around subscription audio. Users pay a set amount per month to stream as many exclusive podcasts, audiobooks, and “experiences” as they want, and Podimo pays the creators of that audio based on their content’s popularity. (SoundCloud is deploying a similar model for music.) So, if you listen to podcasts on Podimo and 20 percent of your time is spent listening to one specific show, 20 percent of your subscription payment will go to that audio creator, minus the cut Podimo takes for its services. (RSS-based podcasts can also distribute on Podimo, but they get less of a cut of that listener revenue.) The idea is that creators will be incentivized to promote Podimo because they make money off the listeners there, and they’ll also be encouraged to go exclusive to make even more, along with other perks, like extra promotion. Podimo says it has over 950 exclusive shows and audiobooks on the platform currently.
Podimo raised $78 million in its Series B round
I spoke with Podimo’s CEO and founder, Morten Strunge, before the holiday to get a better sense of how Podimo plans to use this recent cash infusion and how its past couple years have gone. The question I most wanted to know, of course, was when Podimo might launch stateside. 
“It’s not the top of our list,” he says. “It’s not that we don’t see an opportunity for a service like Podimo in the US, but obviously competition is bigger there, and it requires deeper pockets to make a difference. So it’s definitely on our roadmap, but it’s not the first country.”
The funding he says will broadly go toward “content” and “creators,” like “bringing even more content onto the platform that in return will fuel user growth.” The team will also invest in marketing, the actual tech product, and expanding to new markets. Notably, Podimo partners with hosts and fronts the creation costs for exclusive shows, so this funding will help the team do more of that. Strunge also adds that 90 percent of listening happens in a user’s native language, so Spanish, Danish, Norwegian, and German, and the team is hyper-focused on approaching each of its markets locally. It already partners with Wondery, iHeartMedia, and Sony Music Entertainment’s Somethin’ Else to translate their English-language shows for Podimo’s users.
In Denmark, Strunge says the company has 100,000 paying subscribers out of a market of 6 million people. “What’s been important for us is to show that this is not a niche thing, but it’s actually a mass market thing, something that millions of people would subscribe to in a market like Germany and not thousands of people.”
It’s all very similar to the big subscription dreams of Luminary and Himalaya. Both were focused on the US, and neither panned out as expected. But maybe going abroad changes that outcome, especially with so many shows under its exclusive offering.

Phew, we’re past the two big pieces and can get you onto more news. I don’t want to spend too much time here, so I’m just going to drop a few things to think about, and we’ll get either more into later this week for you paying subscribers or onto new things. Who can say!
UPDATE: RadioPublic says it’s fixed its app
Last week, I reported on issues podcasters were having with the RadioPublic app — their RSS feeds weren’t updating; they couldn’t get in touch with anyone from the company; and new shows couldn’t be added to the catalog. The company tells me it has now fixed the issue. Matt MacDonald, CPO at Acast and RadioPublic co-founder, says the issue had to do with an expired SSL certificate from Let’s Encrypt. Here’s what MacDonald had to say about the issue:

“We have systems in place to readily catch bugs, problems our podcasters encounter, and issues affecting feeds. This issue in particular was of a nature that evaded those systems. It’s one we regrettably missed and should have caught.
 Since resolving the issue, we’ve updated RadioPublic’s systems to avoid future problems of this nature. Our team continues to monitor that all our services are running smoothly, and when our Pro users encounter issues and contact us, we continue to provide individualized support.”

Let me know if you keep running into issues, but this should hopefully be solved for now!







        Sign up for the
        
          newsletter
        
      
      Hot Pod
    
Every Tuesday receive analysis, insights, and commentary on the growing audio industry.






Thanks for signing up!
Check your inbox for a welcome email.




Email (required)






        By signing up, you agree to our Privacy Notice and European users agree to the data transfer policy.
        
      
Subscribe





Apple divulges the most popular subscription shows
Apple Podcasts is getting into the end-of-year content early with new charts and curated content. The company released its curated selection of the best shows and episodes of the year just around an hour ago — A Slight Change of Plan from Pushkin is its top pick — as well as new charts around free and paid shows.
I’m including screenshots of the full list below, but I want to specifically call attention to the top paid shows. Three Uncanny Four’s Bad Blood: The Final Chapter is the top paid show, which, as we last know from September, had 6,000 paying subscribers. We can probably presume that’s gone up a bit since the Theranos trial has picked up, but that’s essentially the ceiling. (What happens to this feed when the trial ends?) Otherwise, Betches has two shows in the top 10 individual subscription shows, and people are apparently paying for Chris Cuomo and Don Lemon’s program, too, which hm, who knows what’s going to happen after all this recent Cuomo controversy. Apple spokesperson Zach Kahn had nothing to share around when or if these charts might get updated again. I might have more on this on Thursday once I have time to parse, but if you have thoughts, let me know!

 










 











Spotify and Netflix are friends who launch audio hubs together
I have seen a lot of hype over Spotify and Netflix’s news last week that they’re partnering to launch an audio hub on the Spotify app. This means Netflix’s publicly available podcasts (read: available everywhere) are now in one place on the Spotify app, along with music from popular programs. Currently, one soundtrack, The Harder They Fall, is called an “enhanced album” with the Spotify logo on the cover, which means it includes a video intro from writer, director, and soundtrack EP Jeymes Samuel. Despite the hype, I’m unconvinced this is a monumental moment. If Netflix were ever to go the exclusive podcast route, I think they’d likely include them in its own app — why would it cede any of viewers’ attention to Spotify? 
Could this mean more collabs in the future between the two companies? Sure. Does this just logically make sense as a partnership? Yes. People want to listen to Netflix soundtracks, and Spotify is making it easier for them to do so along with some bonus content. Friends!
Clubhouse monthly users reportedly fall off a cliff but are still millions-strong
Insider published a big look at Clubhouse this past week that hits the major points of conversation around the app: the dearth of advertisers, a drop-off in downloads, and controversial “drama rooms.”
The main data takeaway is a graph depicting that in July, Clubhouse reportedly peaked with 13.45 million monthly active users but just a couple weeks ago had fallen to only 6.78 million. Its daily active users dropped from 4.09 million at its peak in February to around 942,000 two weeks ago. All that data is according to a company called Apptopia.
A spokesperson told Insider the app is a place where “millions gather daily” and that overall growth exceeded expectations. “We expect to see a regular fluctuation as we grow,” this spokesperson added, along with the fact that 700,000 rooms are created daily, and the average time spent on the app is 70 minutes. Millions of people logging on monthly doesn’t read so badly to me, but the drop is steep and something Clubhouse is going to need to turn around before its competitors seize the market.

All right! That’s it for today. I’ll catch you paying folks Thursday, and for those of you who have yet to subscribe, I don’t have a Black Friday special for you, except that for $7 / month, you can impress all your friends and family with far too much audio industry knowledge. A deal IMO.

Early this morning, NASA postponed a spacewalk scheduled to occur outside the International Space Station today, after getting word of a possible safety threat from some nearby space debris. It’s unclear where the debris is coming from, but the delay comes about two weeks after Russia blew up one of its own satellites in orbit, creating thousands of dangerous fragments that threatened the space station.
NASA astronauts Kayla Barron and Thomas Marshburn were all set to don spacesuits and leave the confines of the ISS this morning at around 7:10AM ET, in order to replace an antenna on the outside of the station. It would have been the fifth spacewalk for Marshburn and the first for Barron.
NASA says that it didn’t have enough time to “properly assess the risk”
But before they could depart through the airlock, NASA personnel in mission control stopped the spacewalk. “It’s just real life, this is how things work out sometimes, and I’m really glad you fellows are looking out for our safety,” Mark Vande Hei, one of the astronauts on board the ISS, told flight controllers in mission control, according to CBS News.
In a short blog post, NASA says that it didn’t have enough time to “properly assess the risk” the debris posed to the astronauts, and so the agency opted to postpone the spacewalk until further notice.










NASA astronauts Thomas Marshburn and Kayla Barron
Image: NASA


It’s the second time in the last two weeks that space debris has upended plans on the International Space Station. On November 15th, the astronauts onboard the ISS were awakened extra early by mission controllers and told to shelter in place after Russia conducted an anti-satellite, or ASAT, test. Using some kind of kinetic missile, Russia blew up one of its own satellites, creating at least 1,700 pieces of trackable debris and thousands of smaller pieces that cannot be tracked. As the satellite was orbiting relatively close to the ISS, the debris cloud periodically passed near the ISS.
NASA did not say if the debris that postponed the spacewalk is from the same ASAT test, and the space agency did not immediately respond to a request for comment. However, NASA insinuated the delay will not have a big impact on the station. “The space station schedule and operations are able to easily accommodate the delay of the spacewalk,” NASA wrote in its blog post.

 





NBA Top Shot moments are one of the most high-profile NFT successes so far, part of the initial early hype wave for the blockchain-based art that’s become one of the biggest buzzwords of 2021. And thanks to a new partnership with Infinite Objects, Top Shot owners will soon be able to immortalize their favorite clips in the real world with officially licensed looping video frames from Infinite Objects. 


    Related
  
The NBA tries to make a slam dunk out of NFTs

Starting today, Top Shot owners will be able to log into Infinite Object’s portal, connect their Dapper account, view all their currently owned moments, and order a “Video Print” of the clip. Only the owner of an NBA Top Shot moment will be able to buy an Infinite Object frame with the associated video clip on it, and each frame will come with a QR code and holographic sticker to attest to its authenticity. Right now, all Top Shot moments are eligible to be printed except for those featuring retired players or those with WNBA clips (Infinite Objects says its still working out the licensing there.) 










The Infinite Object NBA Top Shot frames will cost $199 for the 5.7 x 8.4 inch “Large” size  and $399 for the bigger 11.4 x 7.5 inch “Extra Large” size. Each frame can only display a single moment, which can’t be changed out or swapped after the fact. 
The official frames — at least in theory — answer a major question about Top Shot moments (and NFTs in general): what to actually do with the digital artwork once you’ve bought it. And Infinite Objects is also working to enable “printing” other NFTs from artists outside of the NBA in the future, too. That said, there’s nothing about the Infinite Objects prints that would prevent you from ordering a video print and then selling the NFT while still having the art on display in your living room. 


    Related
  
NFTs, explained

 







Infinite Objects is a natural fit in a lot of ways for bringing NFTs into the real world — the company’s “Video Print” frames launched back in 2019 as a way to bring collectible digital GIFs and videos off the internet, long before the current NFT hype had begun. The original idea of the company even sounds a lot like NFTs (albeit without the blockchain component), where Infinite Objects sold limited-run looping video frames for prices as high as $329.
Since then, the company has also expanded to partner with Giphy on selling animated emojis and Valentine’s Day cards, along with previous (not-NFT-related) NBA partnerships.



iRobot has released a holiday-themed update for its latest robot vacuum cleaners to help them handle the cleaning demands of Christmas trees. The j7 and j7 Plus robovacs can also now identify and avoid shoes and socks. 
The festive trees, shoes, and socks feature builds upon iRobot’s latest navigation and control software, which first released in August last year. This software uses machine vision to identify furniture and specify “clean zones.” For example, you might have a dining table you want a Roomba to specifically clean under after chaotic family meals. There are also “keep out zones” which a Roomba might suggest avoiding, like the area under a TV stand filled with cables for it to get caught on. 
Mapping data can now be transferred from robot to robot
So when it comes to Christmas trees, the j7 and j7 Plus will be able to suggest a “clean zone” around the tree, where you can specifically direct it to vacuum up pine needles, with a “keep out zone” in the middle to stop it bumping into the tree and risk knocking it over. I’ve personally never had a problem with a Roomba knocking over a Christmas tree, but it’s helpful being able to specifically direct it to vacuum around a tree, rather than having it constantly vacuuming the whole room along with it. According to iRobot’s release notes, the “holiday tree recommendations” update started rolling out yesterday.
iRobot initially announced socks and shoes avoidance alongside the j7 Plus’s dog poop detecting feature in September, but at the time said it would be added with a firmware update later this year. It’s a potentially handy feature given how much of a problem shoelaces can be for robovacs. As well as shoes, socks, and pet mess, the j7 and j7 Plus can also detect and avoid cords.
Alongside the new detection and avoidance features, iRobot says that its robots with smart mapping features can now transfer their maps from one robot to another. It should be helpful for anyone upgrading their Roomba or augmenting it with a second model, like the mopping-focused Braava jet m6. Rather than having to map your home afresh, the company’s robots that support its smart mapping technology can now automatically transfer their maps to a new robot. According to iRobot’s release notes, this feature started rolling out on October 13th.
iRobot is running a number of discounts on its robots over the holiday season. The j7, j7 Plus and i3 Plus are currently discounted by $200, while the Braava jet m6 robot mop is discounted by $100.



Rocket League Sideswipe, a mobile version of the popular car-based soccer game, is now available on iOS and Android. The game started rolling out on November 15th in Oceania, but is now available worldwide, albeit in a “pre-season” mode ahead of Season 1’s kickoff at an unannounced later date, according to 9to5Google.
The free to play game, which was first announced in March, is a simplified version of the original Rocket League released in 2015. The biggest change is that the mobile version is played in 2D, rather than offering a fully three-dimensional stadium to drive around. You control your car with a virtual joystick on the left side of the screen, while buttons on the right handle jumping and boost. with touch controls. 


Rocket League Sideswipe. Now Available Worldwide on iOS and Android. pic.twitter.com/LL5qUjdoCl— Rocket League Sideswipe (@RLSideswipe) November 29, 2021



Unlike in regular Rocket League, the car’s boost auto-regenerates, so there’s no need to seek out recharging pads, and teams are limited to a maximum of two players per side. Available game styles include the game’s standard soccer mode as well as a basketball-style “Hoops” version.
If that sounds tempting, you can download Sideswipe on iOS and Android now.

The BBC is finally bringing its iPlayer app to the PS5 in the UK today, more than a year after the console’s original release. Brits have been waiting patiently for BBC iPlayer on the PS5, especially as the app is already available on more than 15,000 devices, including Xbox Series X / S consoles. 
The BBC iPlayer app is now available in the media tab on the PS5 home screen, and it includes support for streaming 4K content from the service. “From today, PS5 owners can add the BBC iPlayer app by going to the Media tab on the PS5 home screen and selecting BBC iPlayer from the All Apps section,” explains Neil Hall, head of product at BBC iPlayer. “This will add BBC iPlayer to the apps library and make it available to use direct from the PlayStation home screen.”
The iPlayer app for PS5 arrives just in time for the influx of Christmas TV shows, movies, and season finale of Doctor Who: Flux.

The UK’s competition regulator has officially ruled that Facebook parent company Meta’s acquisition of Giphy should be unwound, a year and a half after the social media giant first said it was acquiring the popular GIF-making and sharing website. In a press release, the Competition and Markets Authority (CMA) said that it had come to the decision after its investigation found an acquisition could harm competition between social media platforms, and that its concerns “can only be addressed by Facebook selling Giphy in its entirety to an approved buyer.”
The CMA said the acquisition could be used to deny or limit other platforms’ access to Giphy GIFs and drive more traffic to Facebook, WhatsApp, and Instagram. It also raised concerns that it could be used to require other platforms to provide more data to access the GIFs. Finally, the CMA also believes that Giphy’s advertising services could have competed with Meta’s, but that these were shuttered as a result of the merger.
“By requiring Facebook to sell Giphy, we are protecting millions of social media users”
“The tie-up between Facebook and Giphy has already removed a potential challenger in the display advertising market,” the chair of the independent inquiry group Stuart McIntosh said in a statement, referring to Meta. “Without action, it will also allow Facebook to increase its significant market power in social media even further, through controlling competitors’ access to Giphy GIFs.”
“By requiring Facebook to sell Giphy, we are protecting millions of social media users and promoting competition and innovation in digital advertising,” McInosh said.
This would be the first time the CMA has attempted to unwind a completed acquisition by a tech giant, the Financial Times previously reported. Although Meta may appeal the decision, the UK regulator’s decision sets a notable precedent for future big tech purchases.
While groundbreaking, the CMA’s decision doesn’t come as a complete surprise after it’s preliminary findings report from August said the deal should be unwound. 


We’ve directed #Facebook to sell Giphy after finding the takeover could reduce competition between social media platforms and increase Facebook’s already significant market power. pic.twitter.com/yRaPxMR43z— Competition & Markets Authority (@CMAgovUK) November 30, 2021



Responding to the decision, Meta’s EU director of policy communications Robin Koch, said that the company is considering all its options, including appeal. “Both consumers and Giphy are better off with the support of our infrastructure, talent, and resources,” Koch said in a statement to The Verge. “Together, Meta and Giphy would enhance Giphy’s product for the millions of people, businesses, developers and API partners in the UK and around the world who use Giphy every day, providing more choices for everyone.”
Meta has also previously disputed the CMA’s competition concerns, and has suggested that there was never a chance of Giphy’s advertising business becoming a viable competitor. In response to the regulator’s investigation, the company argued that Giphy had “no meaningful audience of its own,” and when it announced the acquisition, Meta said that it provided 50 percent of all of Giphy’s traffic. It also said “developers and API partners will continue to have the same access to Giphy’s APIs.” 
Responding to the CMA’s provisional findings, Meta argued that the regulator was “sending a chilling message to start-up entrepreneurs: do not build new companies because you will not be able to sell them.”
Although Meta pledged to work with the CMA on its investigation, the regulator recently fined the company £50 million ($70 million) for failing to comply with the terms of its initial enforcement order. The regulator said Meta was “consciously refusing to report all the required information” about its compliance with the order.
Giphy had raised $150 million in funding since its founding, but it had yet to turn a profit prior to its acquisition and was reportedly running out of money. Its sale price to Meta was $315 million, less than a previous valuation given to it by investors, and a sign of its financial trouble. While the CMA’s investigation has been ongoing, Giphy’s 100 plus employees haven’t been able to become full Meta employees, although Meta has reportedly been paying the company’s bills to keep it running. 
The CMA’s investigation is part of a wider wave of scrutiny being paid to tech acquisitions in recent years, and sits in stark contrast to when Meta was able to buy upstarts like Instagram, WhatsApp, and Oculus with relatively little challenge. Multiple regulators, including the EU, have opened investigations into Meta’s acquisition of Kustomer, a customer services platform for businesses. Meanwhile, the CMA has also raised objections to Nvidia’s purchase of chip designed Arm, another acquisition that’s attracted a lot of antitrust scrutiny from regulators around the world.
Update November 30th, 9:06AM ET: Updated with Meta’s statement, and sale price.

FIFA, the global governing body of the sport variously known as football and soccer, is trialling new technology that tracks players’ limbs to detect whether they’re in an offside position. The system will be employed at the 2021 Arab Cup, which kicks off today in Qatar, the host of next year’s World Cup. 
FIFA calls the system “semi-automatic offside technology.” It involves a camera setup installed on the roof of the stadium, with limb data extracted from the video and sent to the match officials’ operating room so the offside line can be calculated in real time. The BBC reports that 10 to 12 cameras collect up to 29 data points for each player 50 times a second.


Semi-automated offside technology explained ahead of FIFA Arab Cup. Pierluigi Collina and Johannes Holzmüller explain the advancement of the tests to date. This technology will be tested at the FIFA Arab Cup 2021™ #FIFArabCup #FootballTechnology  https://t.co/A6Bef8f25A pic.twitter.com/A63xwvYZTC— FIFA Media (@fifamedia) November 29, 2021



In soccer, a player is offside if the ball is passed to them with fewer than two opposing players (usually including the goalkeeper) between them and the goal line. It’s a critical rule that often leads to disallowed goals, but it can be difficult for referees to make the right decision in real time, and the limitations of VAR (Video Assistant Referee) technology have only added to the controversy. 
Currently, VAR involves analyzing a video feed and drawing lines on the pitch to confirm whether players are offside, but the footage doesn’t always have the resolution or the frame rate to determine the exact moment the ball leaves a player’s foot, for example. It can be frustrating to watch a match and wait multiple minutes after a seemingly legitimate goal to  find out whether it’ll be canceled out.
“VAR has had a very positive impact in football and the number of major mistakes is reduced, but there are areas where it can be improved - and offside is one of them,” FIFA”s chief refereeing officer Pierluigi Collina tells the BBC. “We are aware the process to check offsides can take longer [than other decisions], especially when it is very tight. We are also aware that the positioning of the lines may not be 100-percent accurate.”
If the tests at the Arab Cup are successful, the system may be used at next year’s World Cup, according to the BBC. 

T-Mobile customers have been reporting issues making and receiving calls all afternoon, with problems frequently linked to Verizon numbers. 
Verizon and T-Mobile both say their networks weren’t at fault
This all started around 2PM ET this afternoon, with hotspots showing in most major metro areas on Downdetector. Initial reports suggested Verizon might be having issues, but Verizon spokesperson Kevin King tells The Verge that its network is operating “business as usual.”
T-Mobile declined to provide a quote from a named spokesperson, but a representative sent the following message from the company’s media relations address: “We have no indication that this is a T-Mobile network issue but we have taken steps to reroute our customers and have been in close contact with Verizon throughout the day as they work to resolve this. We apologize to any customers who were impacted.”


User reports indicate T-Mobile is having problems since 1:49 PM EST. https://t.co/LExjRid785 RT if you're also having problems #TMobiledown— Downdetector (@downdetector) November 29, 2021













Downdetector map showing T-Mobile outage concentrated along the East Coast and Midwest.
Image by Downdetector


A number of users on Twitter have been complaining about the outage, with T-Mobile customers frequently raising concerns about calling other networks and, in some cases, even other T-Mobile customers. The reported problems range from instantly dropped calls, to “all circuits are busy” messages, to lag even when people are able to get a connection.
A test call between one T-Mobile prepaid number and a Verizon number worked for us, but posts across social media continue to note issues.
We haven’t seen widespread reports of AT&T issues, other than from T-Mobile customers who are having problems calling out.
It’s still unclear precisely what was causing the issues, or even who felt its impact. However, as T-Mobile indicated, by later in the evening the number of reported issues dropped sharply and things seem to be returning to normal.
Update November 29th, 11PM ET: Added statement from T-Mobile and notes that the issue seems to be going away.


Today, Elizabeth Holmes cried on the stand as she recounted being raped at Stanford. It was part of the reason she dropped out of college, she testified. “I decided I was going to build a life by building this company,” she said on the witness stand today. When she started dating Sunny Balwani, her co-defendant who is being tried separately, “he said I was safe now that I had met him.”
Then, she said, he abused and raped her. 
Holmes, the former CEO of Theranos, is standing trial for 11 counts of wire fraud and conspiracy to commit wire fraud. Recordings of Holmes lying to investors and journalists have been played to the courtroom. Since the opening statements, we knew she was going to try to shift blame especially onto Balwani, the company’s former president. Balwani’s lawyer has previously contested Holmes’ allegations of abuse.
“A monkey trying to fly a spaceship.”
Witnesses earlier in the trial said that they saw Balwani defer to Holmes. They also said that in meetings where both were present, Holmes did most of the talking and ran the meetings. James Mattis, a former Theranos board member, testified that Holmes was “in charge” of Theranos. Lisa Peterson, who worked on the DeVos investment in Theranos, said her team didn’t do comprehensive research on Theranos because they didn’t want to “upset Elizabeth.” 
Holmes said today that Balwani controlled her behind the scenes: what she ate, how she dressed, and how she talked. She claimed he texted her while they were in meetings together to criticize her. We saw a document in what Holmes identified as Balwani’s handwriting that she said contained instructions for her. He told her she was like “a monkey trying to fly a spaceship.”
Balwani met Holmes when she was 18. He was 37. She understood he was successful, that he’d worked with Bill Gates at Microsoft. When she went to Stanford, they kept in touch via email. In March 2004, Holmes dropped out of school. She said she spoke to Balwani about making a business out of a patent application she’d filed. She moved in with him in 2005.
Holmes didn’t put an exact date on the beginning of the alleged abuse. But Balwani “told me that I didn’t know what I was doing in business, that my convictions were wrong, that he was astonished at my mediocrity and if I followed my instincts I was going to fail,” she claimed. He said that “who I was was never going to be a person who would succeed in life or in business, so I needed to kill that person and become a new Elizabeth.”
“I will never meet with anyone (direct report especially) for more than five minutes.”
If she wanted to be a successful entrepreneur, Balwani told her, then Holmes needed to spend all her time on the business, and only spend time with people who would make the business successful, she said. “I needed to be working seven days a week and be in the office seven days a week.” This meant spending less time with her family.
Holmes’ lawyer moved into evidence a bizarre handwritten document. Holmes said she recognized the handwriting as Balwani’s. (It was distinctive, particularly around the capital letter “I.”) The document contained instructions such as, “Every morning I will force myself out of bed and spend 30 minutes+ (never a minute less) to write what I want from my day. I will only spend time on things that are most important to cash flow…” and “I will never meet with anyone (direct report especially) for more than five minutes unless I have written down why… my focus is on how they will serve the company more.”
Another page of the document was titled “Pursuit of Success in Business.” The idea of this page was that some people are naturally successful at business, but those who aren’t can learn “by using their intellect and develop the ‘natural instinct.’” The most important thing was discipline. The second most-important thing was “self-discovering through WRITING (not reading.)”
“He was talking about me,” Holmes said. 
“He was so disappointed in my mediocrity and he was trying to teach me how to be better.”
Then we saw a schedule Holmes had drawn up for herself on what appeared to be hotel stationery for a hotel in Singapore called Raffles. The first item on her schedule, at 4AM, was to “rise & thank God most things are not logical.” Then, from 4 to 4:15, she was to “wash face, change.” It also noted her lunch, tofu with tabbouleh and “green drink.” Below the schedule were a series of notes to herself that Holmes said were Balwani’s precepts: “I do everything I say, word for word” and “I show no excitement… calm, direct, pointed.”
Holmes said on the stand that when she didn’t do what Balwani wanted, he “would get very angry with me and would yell at me about the fact that he was so disappointed in my mediocrity and he was trying to teach me how to be better and I wasn’t listening to him and I was never going to be successful.”
When she was successful, Balwani took credit: “I have molded you,” he texted her.
The defense showed a document Holmes created on her iPhone, where she said she had written down what Balwani had been yelling at her: “I don’t enjoy being in a company that’s not going to win. I don’t have the faith. So angry at myself for coming. So angry spent [sic] 5 years of my life. Biggest failure of my life. Regret coming. Stayed because I love you... Fucking mediocre quality of this piece of shit company.”
Holmes said the abuse wasn’t just emotional. Balwani would “force me to have sex with him even when I didn’t want to because he wanted me to know he still loved me,” she said. According to Holmes, she wrote another document on her iPhone after one of these incidents: “Don’t enjoy literally anything about it or who I am if I did it. Hurts so much. So so much. Can’t focus on anything except why? Why hurting myself? Can’t even move let alone do sit-ups or actually sit up. Lying swollen. Literally.” 
“He impacted everything about who I was and I don’t fully understand that.”
What had broken Balwani’s spell, Holmes testified, was a report from a lab inspection in 2015. “I had gone into that inspection thinking that we had one of the best labs in the world.” She got the report in 2016, and it said that Theranos’ operations posed “immediate jeopardy to patient safety.” After that, to Balwani’s dismay, she hired lab directors that reported to her, and got outside advisors.
Holmes said that Balwani left the company shortly after, in May 2016, and that she didn’t continue her personal relationship with him past that. While he was on a business trip in Thailand, she and her brother secretly moved her things out of Balwani’s house.
Balwani did not tell her what to tell investors, journalists, or anyone else about Theranos, she said. When her attorney, Kevin Downey, asked how Balwani had affected her work at Theranos, she replied, “I don’t know. He impacted everything about who I was and I don’t fully understand that.”
The objective of this testimony seems to be to introduce evidence about Holmes’s state of mind. For the wire fraud charges to stick, the government has to show that Holmes was knowingly lying. But if she believed she was telling the truth — or she was somehow rendered incompetent to judge what the truth was — the prosecution’s case falls apart.
“A motive of love.”
Holmes’ lawyers have tried to get sections of a prior deposition from Balwani admitted as evidence in this case, because they say his lawyers told them he would plead the Fifth. The prosecution contested this and, as part of their argument, claimed that his statements from the deposition aren’t admissible because of “a motive of love.”
Attached to the prosecution’s motion were texts from Holmes in May 2016 in which she said to Balwani, “I adore you.” In June 2016, after Holmes said she’d sneakily moved out of their house, Balwani texted her, “I know what you are thinking and going thru. [sic] Control your thoughts and don’t let fear control you. Breathe and in every hour be conscious of your breath and breath [sic] out fear.” Holmes replied, “I love this.” According to the government, this is evidence that their romantic relationship persisted after Balwani left Theranos.
Holmes will have to explain how those texts fit with the testimony she gave today. That testimony also differs from what she told the Securities and Exchange Commission in 2017. She said that the relationship had “died” before Balwani left Theranos. She also said in 2017 that she was “the ultimate decision maker for the company.”
I expect that the prosecution will ask her about all this tomorrow — her direct examination ended just as the day in court did.
Correction 11/30 1:27PM: This story initially misquoted Holmes’ memo to herself. She was to wash her face, then change from 4:00AM to 4:15AM. We regret the error.

If you missed out on a few great deals during Cyber Monday or Black Friday, don’t worry, you still have another chance to save big on some popular tech products. It’s “Cyber Week,” meaning that many retailers are still delivering some of the best deals of the year for you to grab all week long. Below, we’ve curated some of the top discounts you can still take advantage of on wireless noise-canceling headphones, earbuds, phones, laptops, TVs, video games, and more. Take a look, and if you like what you see,  you may want to buy the product sooner than later. These particular deals could disappear at a moment’s notice. 
If they do sell out, fret not. It’s very likely that December will bring some repeat deals, plus new sales because of the holidays. If you want to keep receiving the latest deal-related updates then even after this week is over so you can continue to save, subscribe to our Verge Deals newsletter. We compile the savings that you need to know about, then send them to you twice a week.


    Related
  
Know the holiday shipping and return policies for Apple, Google, Microsoft, and others

Deal highlights

















Lenovo Chromebook Duet (128GB)




                $249
              

                $299
              

                  17% off
                





The Chromebook Duet boasts long battery life and has a 16:10 aspect ratio display to fit more content on the screen at once. The Duet can be used as a tablet or a laptop. On the downside, it has just one USB-C port and no 3.5mm headphone jack.







              $249
              

at Best Buy
            






Lenovo’s Chromebook Duet is currently on sale at Best Buy for $249 ($100 off), matching the best price we’ve seen on the budget-friendly Chromebook, which comes with 4GB of RAM, 128GB of storage, and a detachable keyboard. Read our full review.
The 40mm, GPS version of the Apple Watch Series 6 is also available at Best Buy for $300, giving you another more affordable alternative to buying the latest Series 7.
Best Buy is currently running a buy two, get one free promotion on select Nintendo Switch games, including Super Mario Odyssey and Donkey Kong Country: Tropical Freeze.
Amazon is hosting a deal where it will knock $10 off when you spend at least $100 on select gaming items.
If you’re looking for a battery-powered doorbell, the new Blink video doorbell is just $35 at Amazon (with delayed shipping), a savings of $10. It can also be wired, if you prefer.
The tiny Blink Mini camera is selling for even less. Just $20 at Amazon right now, down from $35, this is the cheapest indoor smart security camera you can buy right now. Read our review.
The blue Ember Smart Mug 2, a 14-ounce mug that allows you to control the temperature thanks to a built-in battery, is down to $100 at Best Buy, $30 off the initial list price.
RAVPower is taking 35 percent off several of its chargers when you use various promo codes. You can, for instance, buy this $28 two-pack of 20W iPhone 13 chargers for $13 when you use promo code RT50, or this 90W battery bank for $58 instead of $89 with promo code CM35.

The best deals available on 4K TVs

















LG’s C1 OLED (48-inch)




                $1,197
              

                $1,297
              

                  8% off
                





LG’s C1 OLED starts with a 48-inch model, going up to 83 inches. All sizes of this OLED feature a 120Hz refresh rate, FreeSync and G-Sync support, and a fast processor.







              $1,197
              

at Amazon
            





              $1,199
              

at Best Buy
            





Amazon still has a sizeable discount on all sizes of one of the best TVs for gaming, the LG C1. The 48-inch model is on sale for $1,197 instead of $1,297, while the 55-inch is selling for $1,297 and the 65-inch for $1,797. Regardless of which configuration you choose, all sport several features gamers will love, including a 120Hz refresh rate, Dolby Vision HDR compatibility, and support for HDMI 2.1. Best Buy is offering the same discounts on the 55- and 65-inch models. 


    Related
  
The best deals on 4K TVs

The best deals available on streaming devices and services

















Roku Streaming Stick 4K (2021 model)




                $30
              

                $50
              

                  41% off
                





The Roku Streaming Stick 4K supports all the major streaming services, as well as HDR10 Plus and Dolby Vision. It is also compatible with all three voice assistants: Siri, Alexa, and the Google Assistant.







              $30
              

at Target
            





The latest Roku Streaming Stick 4K, which just launched in September, is selling at Target, and Best Buy at a record low. Normally $50, the retailer is offering the streaming device for around $30. The 2021 model is faster, comes with improved Wi-Fi performance, and supports Dolby Vision and HDR10 Plus. Roku’s players also now support AirPlay 2, which means you can use your iPhone, iPad, or Mac to easily cast content to the device. Read our review.


















Chromecast with Google TV




                $40
              

                $50
              

                  20% off
                





The Chromecast with Google TV introduces new software that brings together recommendations from all of your streaming services. It also supports Dolby Vision and Dolby Atmos.







              $40
              

at Walmart
            





              $40
              

at Best Buy
            






This accessible Roku alternative from Google features support for Dolby Atmos and Dolby Vision, and the current sale at the Google Store, Walmart, and Best Buy has brought the Chromecast with Google TV down to $40, saving you $10 off the regular price. The streaming device features access to all of your favorite streaming services and has a built-in voice assistant to help you find your favorite shows. You can even cast media from your phone through the Chromecast app. Read our review.
The Roku Streambar is discounted to just $80 at Amazon, $50 off the initial list price. It may not be the best-sounding soundbar out there, but the convenient all-in-one solution features a built-in Roku Streaming Stick 4K Plus, support for Apple’s AirPlay 2, and Bluetooth.



    Related
  
The Cyber Monday streaming deals for Hulu, YouTube TV, and more

The best deals available on laptops and tablets

















MacBook Air with M1 (13-inch)




                $900
              

                $999
              

                  10% off
                





The MacBook Air is Apple’s entry-level laptop, which comes outfitted with the company’s new M1 chip and in one of three different colors (silver, space gray, and gold).







              $900
              

at Best Buy
            





              $900
              

at Amazon
            






Apple’s MacBook Air with the M1 processor is $100 off at Best Buy and Amazon. This brings the starting price down to $900 for the base model that has 8GB of RAM and a 256GB SSD.
Razer is offering a $200 gift card to its online store when you purchase one of its Razer Blade 15 Base gaming laptops, which start at $1,799.99.
The Lenovo Yoga 9i remains one of our favorite alternatives to the Microsoft Surface line of ultrabooks and, right now, Best Buy is offering the slick 2-in-1 for $1,350. While this model received a similar discount a couple of months ago, it still remains a solid value. The foldable laptop boasts some impressive specs, too, with an 11th Gen Core i7 CPU, 512GB of storage, and Iris Xe integrated graphics. This hardware, paired with a 4K touchscreen display and a garaged stylus, makes the 9i a great choice for creators.


















Lenovo Yoga 9i




                $1,350
              

                $1,750
              

                  23% off
                





The Lenovo Yoga 9i is a portable, convertible laptop with standout audio and a garaged stylus.







              $1,350
              

at Best Buy
            






Many Surface Pro 7 models are discounted. Our recommended model is the configuration that includes an Intel Core i5 processor, 8GB of RAM, and 128GB of storage for $700 ($200 off). Note that this Surface also doesn’t include a Type Cove.
The latest model of the Dell XPS 13 takes what made last year’s model so great and makes it better. For Cyber Monday, Dell has marked down this configuration with an Intel Core i7-1195G7, 16GB of RAM, and a 512GB SSD to $1,229, taking about $400 off the regular MSRP. Read our review.


















Dell XPS 13 (2021)




                $1,229
              

                $1,629
              

                  25% off
                





The latest model of the Dell XPS 13 brings an 11th Gen Intel Core i7 CPU to bear and combines it with Intel Iris Xe graphics for an exceptionally powerful, yet compact, notebook.







              $1,229
              

at Dell
            







Samsung’s 11.6-inch Galaxy Chromebook 4 is now on sale for $180 instead of $250 at Amazon. This particular model includes 4GB of RAM and 64GB of onboard storage.
The Dell XPS 15 ultrabook is currently enjoying a solid discount. Dell has reduced the price of this particular configuration to $2,199, taking $396 off the usual price tag. This is the best deal we’ve seen on this laptop so far, with some retailers charging as much as $2,600 for the same configuration. This model boasts some impressive specs with an 11th Gen Core i9 CPU and an RTX 3050 Ti graphics card, not to mention 32GB of RAM and a 1TB SSD. Our reviewer, Monica Chin, liked the 16:10 display and snappy keyboard, even though the XPS 15 tended to get a little hot under load. Read our full review.


















Dell XPS 15 (2020)




                $2,199
              

                $2,595
              

                  16% off
                





This configuration of the Dell XPS 15 laptop uses an RTX 3050Ti CPU paired with an 11th Gen Core i9 CPU, making it an excellent laptop for power users. This model also has 32GB of RAM and a 1TB SSD for storage.  







              $2,199
              

at Dell
            





If you need a powerful iPad with plenty of storage and a gorgeous display, B&H is selling the Wi-Fi version of the latest 12.9-inch iPad Pro with 256GB of storage for its lowest price to date. Normally $1,199, the retailer is currently selling the silver variant for $1,149. In Dieter Bohn’s review, he deemed this model to be the nicest iPad available, even with its strange camera placement. The 2021 iPad Pro is also a speed demon thanks to Apple’s M1 chip and comes with welcome features such as a Mini LED display, Thunderbolt connectivity, Wi-Fi 6 support, and Face ID, which allows you to unlock the device with just a glance.

















12.9-inch Apple iPad Pro (Wi-Fi, 256GB)




                $1,149
              

                $1,199
              

                  5% off
                





Apple’s latest iPad Pro also comes with the company’s own M1 processor and Thunderbolt, however, the 12.9-inch model also touts the best display of any tablet available.







              $1,149
              

at B&H Photo
            







    Related
  
The best laptop you can buy in 2021
The best Cyber Monday laptop deals 2021

The best deals available on noise-canceling headphones

















Bose’s QuietComfort 35 Series II




                $200
              

                $300
              

                  34% off
                





These lightweight, over-ear wireless headphones have one of the best active noise cancellation effects to silence distractions. 







              $200
              

at Target
            





              $200
              

at Best Buy
            






Regularly $300, the Bose QuietComfort 35 Noise Canceling Wireless Headphones II are currently selling for around $200 at Target and Best Buy. Released in 2017, these wireless, noise-canceling headphones can seamlessly switch between two paired devices and, unlike their predecessor, support both Alexa and Google Assistant.
The Bose QuietComfort 45, a pair of headphones that offer best-in-class comfort and terrific active noise cancellation, are on sale in either black or white at Amazon, Best Buy, and Walmart for $279, their best price to date. Read our full review.
Sony’s excellent WH-1000XM4 noise-canceling headphones are among the best headphones you can buy, and they’re $248 (usually $350) at Best Buy and Amazon. Get these if you know someone who values great sound quality and comfort.
Apple’s AirPods Max are selling for $479 in every colorway from Amazon, down from their hefty $549 standard price. The AirPods Max justify their price with top-tier sound quality, terrific noise cancellation, great voice call performance, and the usual deep integration with Apple’s ecosystem of devices. Read our review.


















Beats Solo 3




                $100
              

                $200
              

                  51% off
                





The Beats Solo 3 feature decent sound quality and excellent wireless performance. They also sport some extra goodies if you’re an Apple user, namely the ability to access Siri using the earcup-mounted navigation buttons.







              $100
              

at Target (pink)
            





              $100
              

at Amazon
            





Apple’s discontinued Beats Solo 3 are on sale in select colorways for $100 right now at Amazon and Target, which is $100 off the original price tag. Although they’re beginning to show their age, we initially praised the comfortable headphones in our 2016 review and noted how well they isolate exterior noise. They also offer great wireless performance and come in two colorways: black and rose gold.


    Related
  
The best noise-canceling headphones to buy right now
The best Cyber Monday deals on noise-canceling headphones 2021

The best deals still available on true wireless earbuds

The latest AirPods are seeing their biggest discount yet at Amazon. Normally $180, they’re $150 right now at checkout. While we still recommend the AirPods Pro if you can afford them, the third-gen AirPods sport shorter stems, IPX4 water resistance, and improved sound over the last-gen model. Read our full review.
Amazon’s second-generation Echo Buds that include a wireless charging case are just $90 (down from $140). This is the best deal that we’ve seen yet. If you don’t need a wireless charging case, the set that includes a case you’ll need to plug in to charge is just $70.


















Samsung Galaxy Buds Pro




                $160
              

                $200
              

                  21% off
                





Samsung’s Galaxy Buds Pro have a blend of tech found in the Buds Plus and Buds Live, with the best sound quality the company has achieved yet in a pair of earbuds.







              $160
              

at Amazon
            





              $160
              

at Best Buy
            






Regularly $200, the Galaxy Buds Pro are currently on sale for around $150 at Amazon. In our review, we noted how much we loved their amazing sound quality and IPX7 water resistance.
The Samsung Galaxy Buds Plus, the improved version of the original Galaxy Buds, are available for $79 at Walmart. This deal brings them well below their typical $100 price tag, making them an excellent value. In our review, we noted their drastic improvement in battery life as well as their comfortable fit. While Samsung has since improved on this design with the Galaxy Buds 2, adding noise cancellation among other features, their higher price point makes them a slightly tougher sell.


















Samsung Galaxy Buds Live




                $100
              

                $170
              

                  42% off
                





Samsung’s unconventional wireless earbuds are shaped like beans, but they produce a powerful sound and come with lengthy battery life.







              $100
              

at Amazon
            





              $100
              

at Walmart
            





The Galaxy Buds Live are another great option if you’re looking for a pair of true wireless earbuds. Normally these shiny ear beans cost $170, but are currently on sale for just $100 at Samsung, Amazon, Best Buy, Walmart, and B&H Photo. Despite their unconventional shape, our reviewer Chris Welch liked their overall sound quality and marathon battery life but thought the noise cancellation could use some improvement.

















Sony WF-1000XM4




                $248
              

                $280
              

                  12% off
                





Sony’s WF-1000XM4 have the best noise cancellation of any true wireless earbuds, and the sound quality is second to none. With a new design that’s smaller and rated IPX4, the earbuds also can now be charged wirelessly.







              $248
              

at Amazon
            





              $248
              

at Best Buy
            







Amazon and Best Buy are currently selling Sony’s WF-1000XM4, our top pick for the best wireless earbuds, for around $248 instead of $280. Read our review.

Sennheiser’s Momentum True Wireless 2 are down to just $168 at Amazon in black. Normally $300, the excellent noise-canceling earbuds offer great ANC performance, customizable controls, and sound that can nearly match that of a premium pair of noise-canceling over-ear headphones. Read our full review.



    Related
  
The best wireless earbuds to buy right now
The best Cyber Monday deals on true wireless earbuds



Verge Deals on Twitter
    Join our over 40,000 followers, and keep up with our best daily tech deals with @vergedeals
  

Follow us!


The best deals available on smartwatches and fitness trackers

















Apple Watch Series 7 




                $380
              

                $399
              

                  5% off
                





The latest Apple Watch comes in a number of styles with either GPS or LTE. As we noted in our review, it’s a great wearable. Unlike its predecessor, it has a bigger screen, multiple timers, and faster charging. Besides a few iterative changes, however, it’s not drastically different than the Series 6.







              $380
              

at Amazon (41mm, GPS)
            






















Apple Watch SE (40mm, GPS)




                $239
              

                $279
              

                  15% off
                





Apple’s midrange wearable, the Apple Watch SE, serves as a step up from the Series 3, with features and a design similar to more recent flagships.







              $239
              

at Amazon
            





The best deals available on phones

















Samsung Galaxy Note 20 Ultra (128GB, unlocked)




                $1,100
              

                $1,200
              

                  9% off
                





One of two phones in the Note 20 line, the Galaxy Note 20 Ultra has a 6.9-inch 1440p OLED screen, supports up to a 120Hz refresh rate, and includes a microSD slot for expanding your storage.







              $1,100
              

at Samsung
            





The Galaxy Note 20 Ultra is on sale for just $1,100 at Samsung, $100 off the list price. While this phone doesn’t come packaged with a complimentary pair of earbuds like some other models, you do get $50 off the cost of the Galaxy Buds Pro. Amazon also has the Note 20 Ultra for $1,099 though without any additional discounts included. Read our review.

















Samsung Galaxy Z Fold 3 (256GB, unlocked)




                $1,400
              

                $1,800
              

                  23% off
                





The Galaxy Z Fold 3 is Samsung’s latest attempt at making foldable phones more mainstream. It’s expensive, sure, but it’s also more durable than previous models and comes with a 120Hz display and support for the once-exclusive S Pen. To qualify for this price cut, you need to activate the phone with a carrier on the day of purchase.







              $1,400
              

at Best Buy
            





              $1,500
              

at Amazon
            





The slick Galaxy Z Fold 3 is on sale in the 256GB configuration with a free pair of Galaxy Buds 2 for $1,500 at Amazon. If you prefer the best price outright, with no need for extras, Best Buy has it for just $1,400 with activation. Normally $1,800, Samsung’s current discount makes for one of the better deals we’ve seen on the luxury foldable. Read our review.

















Google Pixel 5A




                $399
              

                $449
              

                  12% off
                





As the mid-range Pixel phone, the Pixel 5A features a 6.34-inch 1080p OLED, same best-in-class camera, with IP67 water resistance, and three years of software support from Google. You’ll be among the first to experience the latest Android build, like Android 12 that is already released for the 5A.







              $399
              

at Google
            






A rare discount on the Google Pixel 5A has reduced the price of the phone to $400 at the Google Store, knocking $50 off the regular price. While all eyes are on the new Pixel 6, we still stand by the Pixel 5A as a solid and affordable entry. Featuring one of the best cameras available in a mid-range smartphone, the 5G-compatible 5A also comes equipped with 128GB of onboard storage, IP67 water resistance, and improved battery life. Read our review.
You can get $300 on a Walmart e-gift card with the purchase of an iPhone 13 or iPhone 13 Mini on either AT&T or Verizon. The exact amount depends on which iPhone you choose (see below), and you can also get an additional $250 Walmart e-gift card by trading in an eligible phone. The deal runs through December 3rd, but you need to activate the new phone no later than December 3rd at 11:59PM local time to take advantage of the deal. If you prefer to get this deal and trade-in squared away in person, you need to schedule an in-person appointment. This in-store deal also ends on December 3rd.



    Related
  
The best phone you can buy right now
The best Cyber Monday 2021 phone deals

The best deals available on smart home tech

















Google Nest Hub Max




                $179
              

                $229
              

                  22% off
                





The Nest Hub Max has a 10-inch screen and integrated camera for making video calls. It is Google’s largest and most complete Google Assistant smart display.







              $179
              

at Google
            





              $179
              

at Walmart
            






The Google Nest Hub Max is the best and biggest smart home assistant in the Google ecosystem. Currently, you can save $50 on this smart hub at the Google Store and Walmart, bringing the price down to $179. The display’s built-in camera allows you to make video calls, and the 10-inch screen allows you to access media from your favorite streaming services or cast just about anything from your phone. In our review, we noted that we were particularly impressed by this device’s ability to display personalized content based on who is looking at the screen.

A two-pack of Google Nest Wifi routers costs just $209 at Amazon, down from $299. A single unit of the Nest Wifi Router has been reduced to $139 at the Google Store, $30 off the regular price. You can also grab a bundle with a single access point for $179, or two access points for $249. Read our full review.
A single Eero 6 dual-band mesh Wi-Fi router costs just $77 $83 at Amazon and $84 at Best Buy. The previous lowest price was around $90.
Eero is offering up to 35 percent off its excellent mesh Wi-Fi routers that have Thread radios built-in (and which Eero has said will get upgraded to the new smart home standard Matter, when it arrives next year). An Eero 6 two-pack is currently down to $181 from $279 at Amazon and Eero. Read our full Eero review.

The Eufy RoboVac 11S is on sale at Amazon and Walmart for $138, nearly matching the best price we’ve seen on the no-frills robot vacuum.
Meta’s Portal Go, the portable smart display, is $50 off at Amazon. It costs $149, and could be a good fit if you have friends and family that can’t live without video chatting via Messenger and other apps.
Google’s lozenge-shaped Nest Mini is available for $25 at Best Buy and Walmart, half off the original price tag. In his review, Verge staffer Cameron Faulkner called the smart speaker a great sounding upgrade over the last-gen Home Mini.
A bundle containing the Roomba i3 Plus with a self-emptying base and the Braava Jet m6 mop is on sale at Best Buy for $585 (regularly $850). You can also pick up the Roomba i3 Plus with Clean Base on its own for $400, regularly $599.
The battery-operated Nest Doorbell is down to just $130 in the Google Store, $50 off its regular price tag. Read our full review.

Google and Walmart have reduced the price of the Nest Audio, the big sibling to the Nest Mini, to $60 in select colorways. This smart speaker comes packaged with Google Assistant and can be paired with other Nest speakers for additional audio coverage. Read our full review.


















Yeedi K650 Wi-Fi robot vacuum




                $120
              

                $180
              

                  34% off
                





Yeedi’s K650 robot vacuum has all of the smarts and power required to suck up dust, dirt, and pet hair from your floor into its 800-milliliter bin. It’s compatible with Google Assistant and Amazon Alexa, if you just want to queue it up with your voice.







              $120
              

at Amazon
            






The Yeedi K650 was already an affordable robot vacuum at $180. Amazon currently has it on sale for $120 when you clip the coupon on the page, however, which beats the Robovac’s previous all-time low. It doesn’t offer lidar or virtual boundaries, but it’s a great budget bot that can handle the basics.
Amazon’s stalwart, third-gen Echo Dot smart speaker can be had at Amazon for just $20 right now, down from $40, a great deal on a still good speaker to control your smart home. Note this deal is only available if you choose the option that gives you six months free of Amazon Music Unlimited. Read our full review.

The best discount we’ve seen on the Nest Learning Thermostat is now live at the Google Store, allowing you to save $70 on a single unit or $150 on a two-pack, lowering the prices to $180 and $348, respectively.
Abode’s great little Abode Cam 2, an indoor / outdoor camera that works with or without an Abode system, is $25 at Abode. If you want to add a security system, too, Abode has an excellent bundle exclusively on its website for $299, a savings of $300. It includes the Abode Cam 2, the security gateway, a keypad, two door sensors, a motion sensor, a keyfob, and an Echo Show 5, with the option of professional monitoring.



    Related
  
The best smart displays for every home
The best Cyber Monday smart home tech deals: speakers, cameras, robots, and more

The best gaming deals available


Mass Effect: Legendary Edition for Xbox — which is compatible with Xbox One, Series S, or Series X — is on sale for just $28 $33 at Amazon, the best price we’ve seen on the optimized, three-game collection.
If you have a Nintendo Switch, a GoPro, or any other device that accepts microSD cards, give it a huge boost in storage with this SanDisk 512GB microSD card for just $55 $63 at Amazon.

Back 4 Blood, the spiritual successor to Left 4 Dead 2 (it was even made by the same team) is all the way down to $25 $40 at GameStop. The game usually costs $60, though Xbox owners should just subscribe to Game Pass instead, as it’s available there.

Ratchet and Clank: Rift Apart, one of the best PlayStation 5 exclusives to date, is down to just $50 at Amazon and GameStop. Read our full review.
The PlayStation 4 version of Hades is available at GameStop for just $20, down from its usual sale price of $35.


















Razer Viper 8 KHz




                $50
              

                $80
              

                  38% off
                





Virtually indistinguishable from older models in appearance, this version of the Razer Viper adopts a new 20K DPI optical sensor and features an 8,000Hz polling rate.







              $50
              

at Best Buy
            






If you’re looking for a solid gaming mouse, the latest iteration of the Razer Viper is on sale for $40 $50 at Best Buy, its second-lowest price to date. The latest model retains the same lightweight and ambidextrous chassis that made the original so good, but ups the ante with a 20K DPI sensor and a polling rate of 8000Hz.

Razer’s Wolverine V2 wired gaming controller, which is essentially an affordable version of the Xbox Elite controller, is on sale at Amazon as part of a bundle with a Kaira Pro gaming headset. Normally $250, you can pick up both peripherals for $170 $175 for a limited time.
Razer’s Wolverine V2 wired Xbox/PC controller with customizable triggers and macro buttons is $69 $75 at Amazon.

Razer’s DeathAdder V2 Pro wireless gaming mouse is $76 for My Best Buy members. This mouse originally sold for $130, and it’s among the most comfortable options available.



    Related
  
The best wired or wireless gaming mouse you can buy
Cyber Monday deals for PS5, Xbox Series X, Nintendo Switch, and PC gaming
GameStop’s best Cyber Monday deals: games, accessories, and more

The best deals available on cameras

















GoPro Hero 10 Black




                $450
              

                $500
              

                  10% off
                





The GoPro Hero 10 Black offers a new processor making it possible to shoot in 4K resolution at 120 frames per second.







              $450
              

at Amazon
            





              $450
              

at Best Buy
            






The latest GoPro, the GoPro Hero10 Black, is currently selling at its lowest price ever. Normally $500, B&H is now selling the popular action cam for $450. The Hero10 Black boasts all the amazing features found on its predecessor — which we once called the “biggest, baddest action camera out there” — and more, like a new processor that allows it to shoot in higher frame rates and upload videos to the cloud while charging. It’s also compatible with Hero9 accessories, meaning those looking to upgrade won’t necessarily need to purchase new add-ons. Read our review.

The touchscreen-equipped Insta360 One X2 is on sale at Amazon for $365, the best price we’ve seen on the rugged 360-degree camera. Read our hands-on impressions.
B&H is selling the Canon EOS R mirrorless camera for $1,599 instead of $1,800. Read our Canon EOS R review.

Sony’s ZV-1 point-and-shoot camera is currently on sale for $746 with a vlogger accessory kit at B&H, a savings of $150. The bundle includes the 20MP, 4K-capable camera as well as a wireless shooting grip and a 64GB memory card.



    Related
  
The best Cyber Monday deals on cameras and lenses

Other great deals happening now










Vjeran Pavic / The Verge


The AfterShokz Aeropex open-ear headphones are $30 off at Best Buy and Amazon (it includes a complimentary sports bag at Amazon). These rest near your temples, using bone conduction to transmit sound instead of covering your ears. This is a popular choice among bikers, as it’s a safer alternative to earbuds if you want to listen to music or podcasts, or to talk on the phone. The Verge’s Dieter Bohn ranked these as his favorite model.

















Western Digital My Passport SSD




                $230
              

                $380
              

                  40% off
                





This My Passport model from Western Digital sports sequential read / write speeds of 1,050MB/s and 1,000MB/s, respectively. It comes in multiple colors and includes a USB Type-A adapter in the box.







              $230
              

at Amazon (2TB)
            





              $450
              

at Amazon (4TB)
            






If you’re looking to add some storage space to your PC, Amazon is currently discounting Western Digital’s 2TB and 4TB My Passport models in a variety of colors. Typically $380, you can buy the 2TB SSD for $230, or the 4TB model for $450. Western Digital claims up to sequential read / write speeds of 1,050MB/s and 1,000MB/s, respectively, and the deal also includes a USB Type-A adapter in the box.
Amazon is currently offering some excellent savings on a variety of Shure microphones. These include some of the heavy-hitters of the podcast world, like the legendary Shure SM7B going for $359 instead of $399 at Amazon.
This 38-inch soundbar from Samsung is currently available for $280 at Best Buy, its lowest price to date. The 7.1 soundbar comes packaged with a wireless subwoofer and rear-channel speakers, too, helping keep cable clutter to a minimum.
The excellent Razer Kiyo is discounted to $70 at Amazon and Best Buy, the second-lowest price we’ve seen for the 1080p webcam, which features a built-in ring light.








        Sign up for the
        
          newsletter
        
      
      Verge Deals
    
Subscribe to get the best Verge-approved tech deals of the week.






Just one more thing!
Please confirm your subscription to Verge Deals via the verification email we just sent you.




Email (required)






        By signing up, you agree to our Privacy Notice and European users agree to the data transfer policy.
        
      
Subscribe









One day in 2011, Jack Dorsey called an all-hands meeting at Twitter. The company was in the middle of a push to redesign Twitter’s mobile apps, and the effort had led to anger and burnout. Dorsey, who had co-founded the company in 2006 with Ev Williams, Biz Stone, and Noah Glass, was then serving as its executive chairman.
The company prepared for what it assumed would be a pep talk from the most eccentric of Twitter’s co-founders. And they got one, of a sort. As the meeting began, the lights at Twitter headquarters dimmed. An acoustic guitar began playing over speakers. Dorsey encouraged everyone to listen to the lyrics.

Blackbird singing in the dead of night
Take these broken wings and learn to fly
All your life
You were only waiting for this moment to arise

Sitting in the dark, no one was entirely sure what meaning Dorsey found in the Beatles’ “Blackbird.” A decade later, people I spoke with about the incident still weren’t entirely sure. From his earliest days at the company, Dorsey was an enigma: on one hand, a visionary leader with an uncanny grasp of what the future holds; on the other, a distant and often inscrutable manager whose slowness in making decisions would hobble the company for almost half a decade.
The song concluded. Afterward, people debated what it meant, to no real end. The company finished the sprint. Jack Dorsey returned to the company as CEO a few years later. This Monday, he announced that he was quitting.


    Related
  
Twitter CTO Parag Agrawal replaces Jack Dorsey as CEO

Almost nobody thought this moment would arrive today — a day that Twitter had told employees to take as “a day of rest.”
Elliott wins in the end?
The two questions you want to ask when a CEO steps down are: why now? And what next?
Let’s start with the first one.
On one hand, this is a genuine surprise. By many metrics, this has been a banner year for Twitter. Revenue is up, and so is the user base. It shipped more individual products than perhaps at any other time in its history. (Most notably, it cloned Clubhouse at impressive speed, leaving that once-buzzy social audio platform moribund.) After spending half a decade stuck in the mud, there was a sense that Twitter finally had real momentum. From that perspective, Dorsey’s position at the company looked secure.
But Twitter is publicly traded, and its slow growth (particularly in comparison to the behemoth Facebook) has long rankled investors.
I wrote Jack Dorsey was in for the fight of his life. It turns out he was.
 Last spring, the activist investor Elliott Management Corp. took a 4 percent stake in the company and announced its intention to replace Dorsey as CEO. While little known to the public, Elliott — a hedge fund controlled by the billionaire Paul Singer — is among the most feared investors in the world. When the news hit, I wrote here that Jack Dorsey was in for the fight of his life. As it turned out, he was.
The odd part is that it seemed like Dorsey had won. Days after Elliott made its move, Twitter surrendered, agreeing to add three new board members and form a committee to review its governance and evaluate a succession plan. Elliott partner Jesse Cohn joined Twitter’s board, but stepped down in June in what I took to be a sign that the firm was satisfied by Twitter’s progress.
The catch was that Elliott had set several aggressive growth targets for Dorsey. Under the agreement, Twitter had to grow its user base by at least 20 percent in 2020, accelerate revenue growth, and gain market share as a digital advertiser. While it has made some progress, it is not close to hitting its updated goals. (The company wants to add 100 million more daily active users in the next year, for example, increasing its user base by a third — a tall order for a 15-year-old company that is a household name and has already churned through much of the world’s population.)
The stock price has been sliding throughout the fall, and today sits just a few dollars higher than it did at the time of the company’s initial public offering. Meanwhile, Elliott’s partner in the original plan to oust Dorsey, the private equity firm Silver Lake, maintains a seat on Twitter’s board.
There were no outward signs of the board’s unhappiness. But looking at these facts, it’s easy to imagine two scenarios: one in which Dorsey saw a revived fight coming his way and deciding to leave before it happened; another in which the board told him his time was up and to bow out gracefully.
I don’t know which of those two scenarios is more likely; I do believe, however, that it was most probably one of them that led to today’s news. (The fact that the news leaked early, perhaps from the board itself, suggests to me that maybe someone worried Dorsey might have changed his mind before going through with it.)
“This was my decision and I own it,” Dorsey said in an email to employees. “I’m really sad … yet really happy. There aren’t many companies that get to this level. And there aren’t many founders who choose their company over their own ego. I know we’ll prove this was the right move.”


not sure anyone has heard but,I resigned from Twitter pic.twitter.com/G5tUkSSxkl— jack⚡️ (@jack) November 29, 2021



Elliott, for its part, blessed the decision.
“Having gotten to know both incoming Chairman Bret Taylor and incoming CEO Parag Agrawal, we are confident that they are the right leaders for Twitter at this pivotal moment for the company,” Cohn and senior portfolio manager Marc Steinberg said in a statement.
The “duh” explanation
Another explanation for Jack Dorsey leaving Twitter, which may or may not be related to Elliott Management Corp., is the relative lack of evidence that Jack Dorsey wanted to be CEO of Twitter. It is at least possible he woke up one recent morning and decided he wanted to leave.
Here’s a story about not really wanting to be CEO: I’m told Dorsey was ambivalent about the company’s decision to build Fleets, its ephemeral product that mimicked Snapchat Stories. But he let the team launch it anyway at the end of last year. A while later, during an all-hands meeting, someone asked what he thought of the product. He basically shrugged, one person told me. “It’s not my thing” — that was the gist.
Dorsey’s section of the Q&A was immediately followed by the Fleets team presenting their progress.
When Twitter decided to kill Fleets this year, Dorsey — who may not have ever posted a public Fleet — dispatched it with a tweeted waving-hand emoji that some internally took to indicate “good riddance.”
There are a lot of Dorsey stories like this. In the areas where he was most focused, product teams could expect lots of time, attention, and valuable feedback. In areas where he was not focused, teams could expect little to no feedback at all. He set the vision and let his deputies handle the rest. This had pros and cons, but it drove a lot of people crazy — particularly when teams were divided on the path forward, and he refused to break the tie.
There are benefits to having a CEO who cares about only a few things, and pushes on them relentlessly. At Square, for example, Dorsey pushed executives to focus on Cash App for peer-to-peer payments and cryptocurrencies for the future of finance. Square has thrived as a result, and its market capitalization is now nearly triple that of Twitter.
But Twitter under Dorsey has suffered from a comparable lack of focus. Its top priorities at any given time have rotated between user growth, revenue growth, conversational “health,” “serving the public conversation,” and other abstractions. People who worked with him directly, when I would ask recently how engaged Dorsey was with the core product, would tell me that they didn’t know.
There’s a joke about Dorsey that says everyone at Twitter thought he was working more on Square, and everyone at Square thought he was working more on Twitter. This served to elide the question of how much he was working at all. One reason Elliott appears to have launched its attack was Dorsey’s declaration that (pre-pandemic) he intended to spend most of 2020 in Africa, to no apparent work purpose or shareholder benefit.
Dorsey knew he was perceived as distant and indecisive; he told employees that he was too slow to make decisions. But people believed him when he said — as he did Saturday, in a line that may have presaged today’s events — “I love Twitter.” He was undeniably charismatic, the kind of guy who could get his employees to drink the salt juice. A complicated figure, but one who leaves a void.
The new guy
Into that void steps Parag Agrawal, a 10-year Twitter veteran who rose through the ranks as an engineer to become its chief technical officer. Multiple people told me that “CTO” doesn’t fully capture the breadth of Agrawal’s contributions. Internally, he is perceived by many employees as a sharp technical leader; an uncommonly long-term thinker; and intensely focused on the operational side of the company.
One person told me that Agrawal was among the few people internally who could regularly get Dorsey to change his mind.
Given his long tenure as an engineer, Agrawal is highly respected by the technical side of Twitter, and has personal relationships with many of its most senior individual contributors. That could help the company retain its engineering core during the kind of organizational shift that often results in an exodus from the company.
Agrawal has his detractors, too. A core complaint is that he was too close to Dorsey — and, if you’re among the Twitter employees who think Dorsey had become a liability for the company, Agrawal’s appointment may not appear to be the clean break you were hoping for.
In any case, Agrawal is likely to surface another cultural tension inside the company. He is among the executives who has been most focused on cryptocurrencies, and encouraged Dorsey to allow Twitter to explore decentralization and other related technologies. The company has so far announced Bluesky, which could turn Twitter into a decentralized protocol; Bitcoin-based tips; and (maybe eventually) NFT profile pictures.
it makes sense Dorsey would want to hand the reins to a fellow believer
Given Dorsey’s religious devotion to Bitcoin, it makes sense that he would want to hand the reins to a fellow believer. But given how polarizing crypto culture is generally, it bears watching how many Twitter employees will come along for the ride — and what may fall by the wayside as a result. Of course, that depends in part on how hard Agrawal leans in. But the early indications are that it’s a high priority for him.
He’ll also have to work on Elliott’s wish list, of course: more users, more revenue, a bigger share of the ad market. And he’ll have to navigate other, unrelated transitions at the company. Its head of communications, Kelly Sims, left Twitter last week after less than four months at the company, in what is a highly difficult role to fill. And Sara Beykpour, who joined the company in 2012 and has lately been leading its Twitter Blue subscription product, announced recently that she is leaving the company as well.
Notably, she’s married to Kayvon Beykpour, Twitter’s head of product, who was likely on the short list for CEO. I’ll be curious to see how much longer he stays at the company, given that he is already one of the company’s longest-serving product chiefs.
In the meantime, Twitter now has something it hasn’t had since 2015: a full-time CEO. Time will tell how Agrawal fares in the role. But by that measure alone, he is already an improvement on his predecessor.
Note: This article is based on conversations (some very long, others quite short) with 13 current and former Twitter employees, who requested anonymity so as to preserve their professional relationships.


Platformer by Casey Newton
This column was co-published with Platformer, a daily newsletter about Big Tech and democracy.


Subscribe here




Ludwig Ahgren, a streamer perhaps best known for his month-long subathon that took place earlier this year, is moving from Twitch to stream exclusively on YouTube Gaming. Ahgren’s first stream on YouTube will take place tomorrow, November 30th.
Ludwig leaves behind a significant presence on Twitch. He has 3.1 million followers, and TwitchTracker’s metrics indicate he has more than 27,000 subscribers as of this writing. And by the end of his subathon, he had broken the all-time Twitch subs record — TwitchTracker says he peaked at 283,066 subscribers. But he won’t be starting from nothing on YouTube, where he already has 2.08 million subscribers.


:) pic.twitter.com/717LGs0Cvk— ludwig (@LudwigAhgren) November 29, 2021



Ahgren is the latest streamer to move from Twitch to YouTube as of late, following Ben “DrLupo” Lupo and Tim “TimTheTatMan” Betar’s jumps in August and September, respectively. YouTube also brought over Jack “CouRage” Dunlop in 2019 (who announced on November 23rd that he would remain on the platform), and Rachell “Valkyrae” Hofstetter in 2020. 


    Related
  
Ludwig ends his 31-day stream by breaking Ninja’s all-time sub record



eBay has bought out sneaker authentication service Sneaker Con, a company that gives sneaker-lovers the peace of mind that the kicks they’re purchasing are real. The acquisition builds upon eBay’s existing relationship with the service, which began back in October 2020 when eBay first launched its sneaker vetting process.
When select sneaker brands are purchased for over $100 on eBay, the shoes go through Sneaker Con before reaching the buyer. There, the sneakers are thoroughly vetted by experts who ensure that the sneakers are authentic and match the description of the original listing.
1.55 million sneakers have been authenticated on eBay
The sneakers are then sent to the buyers with tags showing that they’ve been verified. eBay notes that since the start of the initiative, 1.55 million sneakers have been authenticated on eBay. Its stake in the sneaker market also remains steady, as 1.9 million sneakers are available on the platform daily.
“The response to our authentication offering has been overwhelming, and this acquisition allows us to continue to transform eBay and bring a higher level of trust and confidence to every transaction,” said Jordan Sweetnam, the SVP and general manager of eBay North America.
eBay offers its Authenticity Guarantee with not only sneakers but also luxury watches and handbags purchased on the platform. It also uses an unnamed third party to authenticate both types of items, which raises the question of whether eBay will buy out these services as well.

Microsoft’s new Clarity Boost feature for Xbox Cloud Gaming (aka xCloud) is intended to make your cloud gaming streams a little bit less fuzzy, but it will only be available on the company’s Edge browser. 
Clarity Boost “uses a set of client-side scaling improvements to improve the visual quality of the video stream,” Microsoft’s Milena Gonzalez said in a blog post. I tried Clarity Boost in a few games, and I felt that it made a noticeable difference. Games were generally less blurry, and many smaller details like leaves and bricks looked much sharper than they do with Clarity Boost off. It doesn’t dramatically change the way games look, in my opinion, but if you want xCloud games to be a little more clear, I’d recommend flipping Clarity Boost on. 
Here are a few comparisons I put together to show you the differences. The first two are from Forza Horizon 5:












Check out the sharper grass and foliage in Forza Horizon 5.















With Clarity Boost on, the bricks are less blurry.



And here are two from Halo Infinite:












My Spartan’s armor is more detailed with Clarity Boost on in the Halo Infinite multiplayer beta.















You can see more detail on the trees on Halo Infinite’s title screen.



My colleague Tom Warren also showed off the new feature in a video:

If you want to see the differences for yourself on your machine, you can try Clarity Boost now by installing Microsoft Edge Canary. But if you don’t want to use a bleeding edge (pun intended) version of the browser just to try Clarity Boost, it will be available to all Edge users “by next year,” according to Microsoft.
Update November 29th, 6:42PM ET: Added video from Tom Warren.

Twitter has a new CEO: Parag Agrawal, who’ll be taking over for Twitter co-founder Jack Dorsey, the longest-serving chief executive in the company’s 15-plus-year history. 
Agrawal isn’t the most well-known of names either inside or outside of Twitter. He’s been with the company for over a decade, though, working his way up from an engineer to become its top executive (and a close friend of Dorsey’s). Agrawal first started at Twitter back in October 2011 with a focus on ad products, and he became the first recipient of the company’s “Distinguished Engineer” title. He was later appointed chief technology officer in October 2017, during which time he’s jumped in to address high-profile problems (like a large-scale password security issue) and take on some of the company’s bolder initiatives (like decentralization). But despite that long tenure, Agrawal, who is 37, hasn’t spent much time in the public eye — something that will immediately change with his new role.
That said, there are a few cues from Agrawal’s history as CTO that could indicate where Twitter might go next under his leadership. Agrawal is the fourth person to take the reins at Twitter, after Dorsey (who led the company from 2006 to 2008, and again from 2015 until now), Evan Williams (who co-founded Twitter alongside Dorsey and served as CEO from 2008 to 2010), and Dick Costolo (Twitter’s former COO, who served as CEO from 2010 through 2015). 
Argrawal hasn’t spent much time in the public eye — until now
In his time as CTO, one of Agrawal’s biggest projects has been his overseeing of the company’s decentralized Bluesky platform, which was first announced in December 2019. Intended as an “open and decentralized standard for social media” that Twitter itself could eventually transition to using, Bluesky has been one of the more dramatic ideas for Twitter’s future and a pet project of Dorsey’s.
Bluesky has also been picking up steam in the past few months after a long period of radio silence: the group published its review of existing decentralized social media systems at the beginning of the year and finally put cryptocurrency developer Jay Graber in charge of Bluesky in August after months of searching for a product lead. Presumably, Bluesky’s development — and its potential impact in replacing the underpinnings of Twitter’s platform — is something that will continue to be a major project for Agrawal as CEO. 
Additionally, the newly founded Twitter Crypto team led by Tess Rinearson that was announced earlier in November also reported directly to Agrawal (although it’s not clear if that will continue to be the case following his promotion). That team is also set to work closely with Bluesky, which — combined with Agrawal’s interest in decentralized Web3 platforms — speaks to a possible direction for Twitter’s future. 


    Related
  
Twitter is funding research into a decentralized version of its platform
Twitter’s decentralized social network project finally has a leader
Twitter is launching a dedicated crypto team, part of its push toward decentralization

That experience with Bluesky could gel nicely with another of Agrawal’s biggest projects as Twitter’s chief technology officer: the years-long effort to try and move some of Twitter’s products off its own servers to more robust cloud services from companies like Amazon and Google.
Agrawal spearheaded the effort to advance Twitter’s internal technology back in 2018 in an effort to try and help speed up the pace of feature development and deployment, as noted in an interview with The Information earlier this year. “When we hear people say that Twitter is slow at shipping, that hurts, and that is something we use as motivation,” Agrawal said. 
That’s led to changes like Twitter’s partnership with Google Cloud for processing data in May 2018 and the ongoing effort to slowly switch over the Twitter timeline feature itself to Amazon Web Services (which is expected to be complete in 2023). “I do think people are starting to recognize now externally that we are going faster. And it feels good because it’s like a bunch of work from the past starting to pay off,” Agrawal noted in the interview. “But we’re nowhere close to done. I think we have a lot of opportunity to go even faster and [in] even more noticeable ways in the coming years.”
Other Agrawal projects were more reactionary fixes to existing Twitter problems, albeit significant ones: in his time as CTO, Agrawal was a part of the effort last year to address Twitter’s problematic racial cropping issues with photo previews, in addition to handling the public explanation for the company’s 2018 password bug.
Agrawal has also hinted at how he’ll address one of Twitter’s biggest challenges: moderation. In a 2020 interview with MIT Technology Review, Agrawal said that Twitter’s role is to build a healthy place for conversing online, suggesting that could come at the expense of allowing people to say whatever they want. “Our role is not to be bound by the First Amendment, but our role is to serve a healthy public conversation,” he said.
That doesn’t mean moderating all misinformation, though. Agrawal views Twitter’s goal as avoiding the “specific harm that misleading information can cause” rather than “trying to be an arbiter of what is true or false on the internet.” That’s because, as Agrawal puts it, “defining misinformation is really, really hard.”
Decentralization, moderation, and more
That stance may continue to lead to issues with Republican politicians, many of whom are already opposed to Twitter’s moderation policies and ban of former President Donald Trump. The House Judiciary GOP Twitter account already referred to Twitter’s new CEO as “much worse” than Dorsey after latching onto an out-of-context tweet from Agrawal from 2010 (before he was employed at Twitter) quoting a comedic segment from The Daily Show with Jon Stewart’s Aasif Mandvi about stereotypes. Repeated reports have shown that social media platforms like Twitter have no empirical proof of bias against conservative content, and a recent study from Twitter itself found that the platform’s algorithms actually favored right-wing views. 
It’s one of many hurdles Agrawal will have to overcome. While he inherits a company that has been growing its daily user figures and rolling out products at a speedier-than-ever clip, Twitter still faces ongoing issues with user growth at home, ad products stymied by recent privacy changes, and faster-growing social networks like Snapchat. Agrawal may not be the most publicly recognizable candidate for running Twitter, but his years of experience with the company, deep experience with Twitter’s product, and past work in helping modernize Twitter’s tech stack makes him an interesting choice for CEO, especially as decentralized blockchain technology becomes more prominent. 

On Black Friday, I introduced you to an extremely curated selection of gaming PCs that might actually be good value for the money and deliver serious GPU oomph at a time when those GPUs are incredibly expensive and hard to find. Let’s do it again for Cyber Monday, shall we?
RTX 3080 Ti — $2,400
If you’re looking for Nvidia’s top gaming card — because while the RTX 3090 exists, it’s overkill — HP’s Omen 30L is perhaps the best all-around prebuilt deal. There’s one specific system you can nab for $2,399 with the powerful 4K graphics card and a powerful Core i7-11700K chip, and it doesn’t skimp on the memory or storage this time around: you get 32GB of RAM, a 512GB solid-state drive, and a 2TB hard drive, all powered by an 800W Gold PSU.
Sadly, HP’s coupon code doesn’t work on this rig, but again, this GPU is fetching an average of $1,941 on eBay all by itself.










The HP Omen 30L. The 25L is similar but smaller and without the front lit-up fan.


RTX 3080 — $1,800
Or, for $600 less, you could nab a $1,799 HP Omen 30L with an RTX 3080 graphics card and the exceedingly similar but slightly slower Core i7-10700K and tell yourself you’ll upgrade its paltry 8GB / 256GB of RAM and storage to something better later. (Looking at our 3080 Ti vs. 3080 benchmarks, that’s what I’d probably pick.) Not quite as good as HP’s $1,611 RTX 3080 deal from Black Friday, but not bad.
To get the $1,799 price, enter coupon code HOLIDAY10 at checkout.


    Related
  
Win a mystery bag from The Verge jam-packed with  free stuff

RTX 3070 Ti — $1,799
I’m still keeping NZXT’s $1,799 Streaming Plus PC in here for now for its RTX 3070 Ti. You get AMD Ryzen 7 5800X CPU, 16GB of RAM, and 1TB of solid-state storage in an attractive design. It’s also got a 750W Gold-certified power supply and a two-year warranty.
Again, no coupon code; you’ll see the $1,799 price at checkout and no sooner.










NZXT’s PC comes prebuilt in the company’s own Kraken M22 case.


RTX 3060 Ti — $1,188
With no more competition from Alienware, $1,188 for an HP Omen 25L is definitely my pick for the 3060 Ti, with an AMD Ryzen 5600X, RTX 3060 Ti, a 600W PSU, and the same 8GB / 256GB RAM and storage as it had on Black Friday. Like the HPs we discussed on Friday, you’ll need to manually select that graphics card and enter HOLIDAY10 at checkout to get the full price. 
You can also use the configurator to get a 3070 Ti at that same link for $1,710 after coupon code, but I’d just pick the NZXT or 3080-equipped HP for that much money.
You’ll find plenty of other Cyber Monday PC deals if you look, too, like this one RTX 3070-equipped Asus desktop for $1,600 at Best Buy, but I haven’t seen any others I can easily recommend. If you ask me, the performance of a 3070 is too close to a 3060 Ti to justify the premium over HP’s deal.







        Sign up for the
        
          newsletter
        
      
      Verge Deals
    
Subscribe to get the best Verge-approved tech deals of the week.






Just one more thing!
Please confirm your subscription to Verge Deals via the verification email we just sent you.




Email (required)






        By signing up, you agree to our Privacy Notice and European users agree to the data transfer policy.
        
      
Subscribe






The National Labor Relations Board (NLRB) has ordered a new election at Amazon’s Bessemer, Alabama site, a tentative victory for organizers who had sought to unionize workers at the company’s fulfillment locations. The decision, issued by the regional director overseeing the case, builds on a previous recommendation from the hearing officer assigned to the case.
“I agree with the hearing officer’s recommendations,” Monday’s decision reads. “Accordingly, I affirm the hearing officer’s rulings, I adopt her recommendation to sustain certain objections, and I order a second election.”
“I order a second election”
The decision does not name a date for the second election, which will be set in a future filing. But Amazon can also request a review of the decision from the full NLRB board, which (if granted) could prevent the election from taking place or invalidate its results after the fact.
Reached for comment, Amazon emphasized recent improvements in pay and safety for workers in its fulfillment centers. “Our employees have always had the choice of whether or not to join a union, and they overwhelmingly chose not to join the RWDSU earlier this year,” said Amazon representative Kelly Nantel. “It’s disappointing that the NLRB has now decided that those votes shouldn’t count.”
The Retail, Wholesale and Department Store Union (RWDSU), which organized the drive that culminated in the February election, hailed the decision as a victory. “Today’s decision confirms what we were saying all along,” said RWDSU president Stuart Appelbaum, “that Amazon’s intimidation and interference prevented workers from having a fair say in whether they wanted a union in their workplace.”
Announced in April, the election result delivered an overwhelming defeat for the RWDSU, with workers voting 1,798 to 738 against unionization. But that result was contested by RWDSU officials, who argue Amazon interfered with the election by — among other things — installing its own mailbox to collect ballots. Amazon security guards had access to the mailbox, giving some workers the impression that Amazon controlled the results.
In the months since, a number of other unions have expressed interest in organizing Amazon workers, and a second election at the site might face significantly more interest from other labor groups. On June 24th, the Teamsters announced a nationwide campaign to organize Amazon’s sprawling workforce. The Teamsters have committed to spending “all resources necessary” to make the campaign successful.
Zoe Schiffer also contributed to this report.
Update 4:54PM ET: Included statement from Amazon.
Update 5:25PM ET: Updated with more information about specific outcomes of the NLRB review process.




Amazon and Target are playing a big role in the port pollution crisis along the US West Coast, according to a report published today. These retail giants are among the top importers in the US and rely heavily on shipping routes between China and California.
Communities near the ports of Long Beach and Los Angeles have some of the worst air quality in the nation thanks in large part to Americans’ shopping habits. Online shopping, which increased during the pandemic, has made the situation worse. So has the supply chain crisis that’s caused traffic jams just offshore of the twin ports, which make up the busiest port complex in the Western Hemisphere.  
“It is past time to hold these retailers accountable for their responsibilities at the ports.”
Amazon and Target have an “outsized” impact on port congestion and pollution because they send most of their goods through these ports. The two companies “are directly responsible for harming these communities,” says the report by nonprofit environmental groups Pacific Environment and Stand.earth.
“It is past time to hold these retailers accountable for their responsibilities at the ports,” Dawny’all Heydari, a campaign lead at Pacific Environment, said in a statement. “Both companies will continue to favor West Coast routes, which means they’ll also keep clogging West Coast ports, spewing cancer-causing emissions and threatening our climate future.” 
The report looked at ship emissions from four major retailers: Amazon, Target, Walmart, and Ikea. Together, the four retail giants’ imports were responsible for 20 million metric tons of  carbon dioxide equivalent emissions from marine shipping alone between 2018 and 2020. That’s about as much planet-heating pollution as five coal-fired power plants would produce in a year. The report gathered information about shipments from the US vessel manifest data and used emissions estimates from the Journal of Commerce. 
Although the report focused on the climate impact of retailers’ shipping emissions, the heavy fuel oil that container ships burn also releases pollutants that form smog and degrade air quality. Pollution from maritime shipping was linked to 60,000 premature deaths in 2015 internationally according to earlier research. Since about 90 percent of world trade moves by ship, nearly all the items we buy — whether they’re clothes, gadgets, home goods, or cars — are part of the problem. 
The biggest share of emissions studied in the new report — 21 percent of pollution between 2018 and 2020 — was released along shipping routes between China and either Southern California or Washington state. The ports of Los Angeles and Long Beach typically take in about 40 percent of shipping containers entering the country from abroad. The pandemic has made these ports — and others — even more congested. 
Amazon and Target’s fingerprints are all over the crowded scenes at California ports, according to the report, because that’s where the companies sent the vast majority of their US imports. Amazon has built out a network of distribution centers in Southern California, where workers sort goods after they come off ships before sending them off to their final destinations. The Golden State is where Target sees the highest sales per capita, which the report posits could be another motivating factor for cramming goods through California ports.
Walmart, the biggest importer in the report, had the most emissions
Walmart, the biggest importer in the report, had the most emissions of the four companies studied. But its pollution was more spread out across ports along the East and West Coasts and Gulf of Mexico. Ikea has started sending more stuff to the East Coast, the report found. Its maritime shipping emissions actually fell slightly because the company is moving goods by rail from China to Europe before sending them across the Atlantic to the US. 
The new research follows a July report by the same groups that ranked the 15 retail companies responsible for the most marine shipping pollution from imports into the US. In that earlier report, Walmart also topped the list for greenhouse gas emissions and other pollutants, including soot, sulfur oxide, and nitrous oxide. Target, Ikea, and Amazon were also among the top ten maritime polluters.
Amazon, Target, Ikea, and Walmart likely rely on just a small group of carriers to ferry their goods across the world, according to the new report. The 15 biggest cargo carriers in the world accounted for 97 percent of all emissions analyzed in the report. That, the report authors argue, means that the retail companies could hold a lot of sway over carriers’ transitions to cleaner-burning fuels.
Retail companies could hold a lot of sway over carriers’ transitions to cleaner-burning fuels
Following Pacific Environment and Stand.earth’s earlier report on the climate impact of marine shipping, there’s already some movement in that direction. Amazon pledged earlier this month to ship 10 percent of goods shipped internationally on carbon pollution-free ships by the end of the decade. In October, Amazon and Ikea were among a group of companies that committed to only contract ships running on zero-carbon fuels by 2040. 
The authors of the new report want the retail giants to move much faster. They’re calling on all four companies to eliminate their maritime emissions by 2030 by switching to zero-emission container ships, which do not yet exist at scale but are being developed through public and private sector initiatives. The Verge reached out to all four retailers for comment, and received responses from each company that pointed to their previous environmental sustainability commitments.
The speed of that transition affects how quickly the world teeters closer to catastrophic levels of climate change. It also affects the health of people living near ports. The uptick in ship traffic at the ports of Los Angeles and Long Beach this year alone has been so bad that it could lead to an additional 30 premature deaths in the region, according to the regulatory agency California Air Resources Board (CARB).
Update November 30th 3:40PM: This story has been updated to acknowledge statements that Walmart and Target sent to The Verge.


    Related
  
Black Friday is causing toxic traffic jams at US ports and warehouses



    Related
  
Giant retailers pledge to leave fossil-fueled ships behind 



    Related
  
Walmart, Ikea, and Amazon have a dirty shipping problem 



    Related
  
Retail giants look to greener cargo ships to meet climate goals 



People have flocked to TikTok in droves over the past few years — but research into the social media giant’s potential health impacts hasn’t kept up. Despite the fact that TikTok now has over 1 billion users, public health researchers know very little about the health effects it might be having on the platform’s (mostly young) users. That’s concerning, because researchers know social media platforms can be harmful, especially to the health of some groups of teens and adolescents.
“The platform is so massive, but there’s almost no scholarly investigation into it,” says Marco Zenone, a health policy researcher at the London School of Hygiene & Tropical Medicine. 
Zenone believes it’s urgent for researchers to start figuring out if TikTok has similar issues to other platforms, like eroding the mental health of some teen girls and failing to slow conspiracy theories. That’s why, along with collaborators, earlier this month he published a proposed research agenda outlining the areas experts need to investigate. They include the way alcohol use and vaping are presented on the platform, the medical advice given by users — made more urgent in light of COVID-19 misinformation — and moderation policies. They’re also worried about what happens to users when videos sharing personal, sensitive stories go viral, and if the platform has similar impacts on teen mental health as Instagram. 
“The research is very behind, considering how much reach TikTok has,” Zenone says. 
The Verge spoke with Zenone about his proposed agenda and why research into TikTok’s health effects matters.
This interview has been lightly edited for clarity.
Why don’t we know much about TikTok’s health impacts?
I think it rose to prominence so quickly, and research hasn’t been able to catch up. So right now we know that TikTok has 1 billion users, and we see a lot of the research coming out is still on Facebook, Instagram, and related platforms but hasn’t shifted in TikTok yet. That’s kind of concerned us as public health researchers because we’ve seen what happened in the past when it’s left unchecked.
What did you end up identifying as the important areas to study, and why are they so key?
Some of the things that we’ve flagged are just some of the issues that we’ve dealt with on other social media platforms, and have been documented issues on other platforms, but that we haven’t looked at yet on TikTok. So, for example, the promotion of health-harming products — products like Juul spread on Instagram spread faster than health researchers could study how the conversation was expanding. That’s one reason we need to be proactive with this kind of research and document what’s happening around the platform. 
A lot of people also give health advice on the platform, but we don’t really know the quality of the health advice. What research is available tells us that when someone has a credential to speak on a topic, they’re usually accurate. But if you introduce a conflict of interest, like someone selling a product, the quality goes down. And that can be concerning depending on how someone is using that health information.
We also know misinformation is a problem on social media, but we don’t know the extent of it on TikTok. We also need to look into the dissemination of hateful or sensitive content on TikTok. With a billion users, we have to ask how good its moderation actually is. 
Are these questions similar to the ones we ask around other social media platforms, or is there something unique about TikTok here? 
The main difference I see is that TikTok really has the opportunity to learn from Facebook, Instagram, and other social media platforms. The shortcomings have been documented. So the big thing is the newness. Social media usually faces the same problems across platforms, even if on different scales. That’s one of the reasons we need to do the research and see what’s happening. 
The user base of TikTok is also a bit different. There are a lot of young people on the platform, and I think we have to keep that in mind as we do research.
Why is understanding TikTok so important?
Our view is that TikTok is going to be here for quite a while. And we know that the majority of people who use it are younger people. So it’s just about making TikTok as safe as possible. 
I believe that we have to keep TikTok accountable. And one of the ways that we can do that is making sure that we’re keeping up to date with what’s happening on the platform



CD Projekt says its GOG games storefront will put more focus on offering “a handpicked selection of games” and transfer some developers to other projects, following ongoing financial losses at the division.
“Regarding GOG, its performance does present a challenge, and recently we’ve taken measures to improve its financial standing,” CD Projekt CFO Piotr Nielubowicz told investors on a quarterly earnings call. “First and foremost, we’ve decided that GOG should focus more on its core business activity, which means offering a handpicked selection of games with its unique DRM-free philosophy. In line with this approach, there will be changes in the team structure.”
“GOG should focus more on its core business activity, which means offering a handpicked selection of games”
Nielubowicz said that some developers who’d been working on GOG’s online solutions will be transferred from the project. At the end of 2021, GOG is also leaving the Gwent consortium, a cross-division project related to CD Projekt’s The Witcher card game Gwent. This means it won’t bear any development costs or share any profits from the development consortium. CD Projekt previously called Gwent “the most important project of 2017 in the GOG.com segment.”
These latest statements came after disappointing financial results for GOG. The storefront saw a slight increase in revenue but a net loss of around $1.14 million in the last financial quarter. Overall, it’s lost about $2.21 million over the past three quarters compared to a $1.37 million profit over the same period in 2020. CD Projekt didn’t immediately reply to questions about how its new strategy might translate into changes to GOG’s features or catalog.
GOG launched in 2008 as Good Old Games, a platform built around selling hard-to-find classic games without digital rights management or DRM. Since then, it’s expanded into a more all-purpose storefront selling new third-party games and internal studio CD Projekt Red’s The Witcher 3 and Cyberpunk 2077, plus an online service called GOG Galaxy. But it’s also faced apparent financial problems before, laying off a reported 10 percent of its staff in 2019.
One staff member tied the earlier layoffs to increased competition in PC gaming storefronts, which has driven major platforms to lower the commission they take from developers. Valve’s Steam service has long dominated the market for computer game sales. At least one recent competitor, the Epic Games Store, isn’t expected to turn a profit until 2024. And Epic’s store is cushioned by revenue from the publisher’s blockbuster game Fortnite and Unreal game engine. Meanwhile, CD Projekt Red’s botched 2020 launch of Cyberpunk 2077 has put a damper on its recent earnings — although the company says it has seen renewed enthusiasm for the game and is “on track” to release a delayed update in early 2022.

Update November 29th, 8:05PM ET: our Cyber Monday live blog has ended, though, many of the deals we flagged below remain. For more highlights, be sure to check out our guide to the best Cyber Monday deals available now and our ongoing Cyber Monday coverage.
We’re back! After spending all of Black Friday doing a live blog to highlight the best deals, we knew we had to continue it for Cyber Monday. Sure, the deals aren’t as plentiful, and fewer new ones are popping up compared to the frantic pace of Black Friday, but this dedicated live blog is where you’ll find the deals that we like, along with new ones that pop up as Lightning deals at Amazon or elsewhere. 
We’ll also let you know when we update some of our bigger deal roundups, like our guides to the best phone deals and best laptop deals. So keep an eye on this space and our guide to the best Cyber Monday deals to stay in the know and save yourself some money during this sacred commercial holiday.


    Related
  
The Verge Holiday Gift Guide 2021
Win a mystery bag from The Verge jam-packed with free stuff

Cyber Monday 2021 deals live blog



B&H Photo in New York City may be commonly known to locals of the tri-state for its brick-and-mortar presence in midtown Manhattan, but the camera and electronics retailer has a lot on offer via its website for nationwide Cyber Monday deal hunters. Many people shop there for niche photography equipment — you can still buy darkroom supplies through B&H if you see fit — though there is also a lot of general tech on offer.
Below we have surfaced some of the best tech deals we can find at B&H for Cyber Monday, with wide-ranging sales on products across photo and video gear, earbuds, computers, TVs, and more. 


    Related
  
The best Cyber Monday deals happening now
The best Cyber Monday deals on cameras and lenses

Cameras and photo/video accessories
The Sony A7R IVA has enough resolution to be a dedicated landscape and studio camera, but its fast autofocus and burst shooting allow it to work in just about any demanding scenario. Normally $3,498 for the body only, you can now pick it up for $2,998 ($500 off) at B&H Photo.

















Sony A7R IVA




                $2,998
              

                $3,498
              

                  15% off
                





The A7R IVA combines a super-high resolution full-frame sensor of 61 megapixels with a 567-point phase-detection autofocus system and 10-frames-per-second burst shooting. The A-moniker is a slightly revised model of the A7R IV that has a higher resolution rear LCD (2.36 million dots).








              $2,998
              

at B&H Photo
            





              $2,998
              

at Amazon
            





The Nikon Z5 is a compact body that ticks most boxes for enthusiasts. It has a nice EVF and even squeezes in dual-SD card slots. You can get the body for just $997 ($400 off) at B&H Photo. For Z5 kit options, you can get it with the Nikkor Z 24-50mm f/4-6.3 lens for $1,297 ($400 off) or with the Nikkor Z 24-70mm f/4 S lens for $1,597 (a huge $800 off).

















Nikon Z5




                $997
              

                $1,397
              

                  29% off
                





The Nikon Z5 is the budget-friendly option in Nikon’s full-frame lineup of mirrorless cameras. It features a 24MP sensor, 3.69 million-dot OLED viewfinder, dual-SD card slots, a 3.2-inch touchscreen, and in-body image stabilization.







              $997
              

at B&H Photo (body, OUT OF STOCK)
            





              $1,297
              

at B&H Photo (24-50mm kit)
            






The Fujifilm X-T3 has been usurped by the newer X-T4 but still offers a lot for a lower price. It’s available body-only for $1,099 ($400 off) at B&H Photo or as a kit with the XF 18-55mm f/2.8-4 R LM OIS for $1,499 ($400 off). Read our review.
The Lumix S5 is Panasonic’s smaller, jack-of-all-trades full-frame camera that is versatile enough for most enthusiasts. The body is currently $1,698 ($300 off) at B&H Photo. It is also $300 off when bundled with the S 20-60mm f/3.5-5.6 lens, making it $1,998. You can also save an additional $200 when you buy any Lumix S-series lens along with the body or base kit.


















Panasonic Lumix S5




                $1,698
              

                $1,998
              

                  16% off
                





The Lumix S5 is build around a 24.2-megapixel full-frame sensor, inherited from the bigger and costlier S1. The S5 is the smallest and most inexpensive member of Panasonic’s S-line of cameras, and features in-body image stabilization, an articulating rear LCD, and up to 4K/60fps video recording.







              $1,698
              

at B&H Photo (body)
            





              $1,998
              

at B&H Photo (24-60mm kit)
            





The newest GoPro Hero10 Black is currently $50 off its usual price of $500, bringing the price down to $450 at B&H Photo. It’s by far the best GoPro yet, and it continues to push the action camera segment forward, allowing you to capture 4K video at up to 120 fps. Read our review.

















GoPro Hero 10 Black




                $450
              

                $500
              

                  11% off
                





The GoPro Hero 10 Black offers a new processor making it possible to shoot in 4K resolution at 120 frames per second.







              $450
              

at B&H Photo
            





              $450
              

at Amazon
            






DJI’s FPV combo racing drone, which allows for first-person flying at up to 87 miles per hour, is discounted $300, dropping the price to $999 at B&H Photo. 
B&H has the Zoom H6 handheld recorder, capable of being a field recorder or mobile podcast mixer, for just $320. That’s $30 off a staple of video/audio gear you don’t always see discounts on.
The Godox AD200 Pro portable flash is a favorite of event photographers thanks to its convenient rechargeable battery, and B&H has it right now for just $269 $299 ($80 $50 off).
Need some of the fastest storage out there for newer cameras that take CFexpress cards? The Sandisk Extreme Pro offers an excellent value for a storage medium that is still on the pricy side. The 64GB card is $85 at B&H, a savings of $65. A 128GB version gets a heftier discount on its heftier price tag, clocking in at $140 ($110 off).
The Atomos Ninja V 5-inch 4K HDMI external recorder supports ProRes Raw recording with compatible cameras and a screen capable of displaying 10-bit output. It’s a staple of many video production sets, from YouTube to indie films, and B&H has it for $499 ($150 off).
A Peak Design Capture Camera Clip v3 can attach your camera to a backpack strap for easy access while hiking or traveling. It’s currently 15 percent off at B&H, down to just $59 from its usual $70.

Phones and tablets

The unlocked Motorola Edge 5G (2020) is on sale for $380 $400 at B&H ($320 $300 off). It has an OLED display with a 90Hz refresh rate and 256GB of storage. Read our review.
Nokia’s awkwardly named 8.3 5G is just $400 at B&H Photo, down from $600. It has dual-SIM, 128GB of storage, and a Zeiss-branded quad-camera system.
Sony’s Xperia 1 III 5G, which borrows some UI and manual mode settings from the Sony Alpha line of cameras, is currently $100 off at B&H, for a sale price of $1,198. Read our review.
Need a top-level iPad? B&H has the latest, Wi-Fi-equipped 12.9-inch iPad Pro with 256GB of storage for its lowest price to date: $1,099 ($100 off - silver only). It’s the fastest and nicest iPad around, thanks to Apple’s M1 chip and a Mini LED display. B&H claims it has limited supply at this price, so you may need to act quickly. Read our review.


















12.9-inch Apple iPad Pro (Wi-Fi, 256GB)




                $1,149
              

                $1,199
              

                  5% off
                





Apple’s latest iPad Pro also comes with the company’s own M1 processor and Thunderbolt, however, the 12.9-inch model also touts the best display of any tablet available.







              $1,149
              

at B&H Photo
            





If that 12.9-inch iPad Pro sounds enticing but you don’t need the added storage, the 128GB version is also $100 off, making it just $999 at B&H.
Earbuds and headphones
The Sony WH-1000XM4 are a top pick among general use headphones. The popular noise-canceling over-ears feature phenomenal sound, improved voice quality over the last-gen model, and can connect to multiple devices simultaneously. B&H currently has them for $248 ($100 off), the best price you can find right now. Read our review.

















Sony WH-1000XM4




                $248
              

                $350
              

                  30% off
                





These over-ear headphones are some of the best noise-canceling headphones you can buy right now. They can last up to 30 hours on a single charge and provide a comfortable listening experience with plush ear pads.







              $248
              

at B&H Photo
            






The Sony WF-1000XM4 earbuds are a popular pick here at The Verge. They were awarded the best overall earbuds for a reason, after all. They are currently on sale for $248 at B&H Photo, as opposed to their list price of $280. That’s still the best price we’ve seen on the noise-canceling earbuds. Read our review.
The Bose QuietComfort Earbuds excel thanks to their excellent noise-canceling ability. For B&H’s Cyber Monday promotion, they are on sale for $199, down from their full price of $280. Read our review.
Want the best Bose has to offer for fitness? The Bose Sport earbuds are just $150 ($30 off) at B&H Photo. These buds don’t have noise cancellation, but they do offer IPX4 sweat and weather resistance, with blue and white options in addition to the standard black.
The Beats Powerbeats Pro are a little older, but they come in a wide range of colors with solid audio quality in a fitness-focused package. B&H Photo has them for $50 off, so you can pick them up for just $150. Read our review.

B&H has the best price out of any retailer on the Samsung Galaxy Buds 2, selling them for just $110 ($40 off). The price is visible once you add them to your cart. The true wireless earbuds feature active noise cancellation and a nice, clean style that might make you doubt the need to pay more for a set of earbuds. Read our review.


















Samsung Galaxy Buds 2




                $110
              

                $150
              

                  27% off
                





The Galaxy Buds 2 are the new entry-level wireless earbuds from Samsung. Despite this, they’re packed with enough features that people on a budget might be happy choosing these over the pricier Buds Pro.







              $110
              

at B&H Photo
            





The Galaxy Buds Live — also affectionately known as “the beans” — have a unique design and solid sound quality for such a compact earbud, even if their noise-canceling isn’t the best. B&H Photo has them for just $100 (a whole $70 off) in all three colorways. Read our review.
Computers, laptops, and peripherals
The base, 256GB MacBook Air with the M1 processor and 8GB of RAM is just $929 $899 at B&H in the color of your choice. That’s a savings of $100 on one of the best laptops around. Read our review.

















MacBook Air with M1 (13-inch)




                $900
              

                $999
              

                  10% off
                





The MacBook Air is Apple’s entry-level laptop, which comes outfitted with the company’s new M1 chip and in one of three different colors (silver, space gray, and gold).







              $900
              

at Best Buy
            





              $900
              

at Amazon
            






The Logitech C920S HD Pro webcam is $10 off at B&H, bringing it down to just $60. This is one of our most well-reviewed webcams, and what we consider to be the best webcam for most people.

A massive 4TB Sandisk Extreme Portable SSD V2 is $450 at B&H, which is a savings of $350. That can hold a ton of files for speedy access, such as photo or video storage on a drive that’s fast enough to edit off of. If you want a more modest amount of storage, the 1TB version is just $120 ($130 off).
The Samsung 970 EVO Plus NVMe M.2 internal SSD is $200 for 2TB of storage ($130 off). It’s a great value for NVMe storage for a PC, though we suggest faster speeds for a console like the PlayStation 5.
The massive, 48.8-inch Samsung Odyssey G9 32:9 ultrawide curved monitor is one of the most impressive PC monitors out there, and B&H is discounting it by $600. This knocks it down to $1,000 for Cyber Monday. Read our review.


















Samsung Odyssey G9




                $1,000
              

                $1,600
              

                  38% off
                





The Samsung Odyssey G9 is a gargantuan 48.8-inch PC monitor with 32:9 aspect ratio and fast 240Hz refresh rate. It lacks HDMI 2.1, but it can do the multitasking job of three monitors.







              $1,000
              

at B&H Photo
            





TV, home, and streaming
B&H is matching the same deal as Google and others on the second-gen Nest Hub. It has a 7-inch smart display and offers Google Assistant for $50 ($50 off). Read our review.

















Google Nest Hub (second-gen, 2021)




                $50
              

                $100
              

                  50% off
                





The second-gen Nest Hub is Google’s smallest smart display, with a 7-inch touchscreen that can automatically adjust itself to the lighting in your room. What’s new in the latest version is its ability to automatically track your sleep patterns with its Soli radar chip.







              $50
              

at B&H Photo
            






B&H is also matching the $10 off on the Chromecast with Google TV that some other retailers are offering, making it just $43. It’s as cheap as you can get Google’s excellent streaming puck and handy remote. Read our review.
The 32GB version of the newest Apple TV 4K, complete with its improved remote control, is $5 off right now. That drops it down to $175 at B&H. Read our review. 
Apple’s HomePod mini is $5 off at B&H, bringing it down to $95 in all of its new colors, though, at this time, only the white and space gray models are currently in stock. It’s not a huge discount, but we have yet to see major savings on the surviving HomePod model. Read our review.
The Nvidia Shield Android TV (2019) supports 4K and just about every streaming service, as well as HDR, and comes with an improved remote over prior generations. B&H has currently it for $129, a savings of $20. Read our review.


















Nvidia Shield TV (2019)




                $129
              

                $149
              

                  14% off
                





Nvidia’s tube-shaped streaming device is one of the best ways to experience Android TV. It has fast performance, impressive 4K upscaling, and its GeForce Now support makes it a good option for gaming.







              $129
              

at B&H Photo
            





Sony’s 65-inch Bravia XR Series A80J OLED offers a lot of exceptional performance and deeply colorful picture quality at a price that is quickly becoming more affordable. B&H has knocked $700 off the list price, dropping it down to $1,798 for Cyber Monday.

















Sony Bravia XR A80J 65-inch OLED TV 




                $1,798
              

                $2,498
              

                  29% off
                





Sony’s OLED TV supports HDR10, HLG, Dolby Vision, and now HDMI 2.1. With supported refresh rates of 120Hz and VRR, they’re equipped for gaming, as well as movies and streaming.







              $1,798
              

at B&H Photo
            






If you prefer a supersized OLED TV, the 77-inch LG C1 is $400 off at B&H, bringing the price down to $2,897. LG makes some of the most popular OLEDs in the market, and the C1 is a model that’s ideal for gaming and general-purpose use, making few compromises if any.
Shifting gears to slightly more budget-conscious options, the TCL 6-Series R635 QLED is $500 off at B&H, meaning you can get the 55-inch model for just $700 or the 65-inch version for $1,000.
Lastly, one more for the huge TV fans: the Samsung Q80A QLED is an 85-inch behemoth that B&H has for $1,100 off, knocking it down to $2,598. It supports FreeSync Premium Pro technology to combat screen tearing while maintaining a 120Hz refresh rate.








        Sign up for the
        
          newsletter
        
      
      Verge Deals
    
Subscribe to get the best Verge-approved tech deals of the week.






Just one more thing!
Please confirm your subscription to Verge Deals via the verification email we just sent you.




Email (required)






        By signing up, you agree to our Privacy Notice and European users agree to the data transfer policy.
        
      
Subscribe






GameStop’s launched its Cyber Monday sales, featuring huge savings on digital and physical copies of games, gaming keyboards, and headsets for their lowest prices ever. There are even a number of excellent promotions that are of great value, whether you’re trying to snag a new console or build out your existing library.
Of course, GameStop isn’t the only place with the best Cyber Monday deals, so make sure to check out our ever-expanding guide to Cyber Monday, as well as our retailer and brand-specific pages if you’re looking to cash in on more great savings. 


    Related
  
The best Cyber Monday deals happening now
The best Cyber Monday deals at Best Buy

Promotions
Xbox All Access is a program that’s been offered by Microsoft before but represents a unique opportunity for anyone that’s still trying to score an Xbox Series X or Series S. This package includes a new console and controller, as well as a 24-month subscription to GamePass Ultimate and EA Play. Instead of paying a lump sum, however, you apply for a limited line of credit, essentially turning your new console into a subscription service that you pay off over the course of 24 months without interest. The total cost for the Series X service is $840 ($35 a month), while the Series S will cost $600 ($25 a month). 
Full disclosure: if all of this is starting to sound like a credit check, that’s because it basically is. Applying for GamePass requires you to disclose your social security number and annual income for approval, and even then, it’s not a guarantee that you’ll get a console. However, from a value standpoint, the deal is solid. All of the services, when paired with the hardware, don’t cost any more than they would if you purchased them individually — the program just gives you the option of paying in installments.

















Xbox All Access




                $600
              





An installment plan offered through Microsoft and Citizen One, Xbox All Access includes an Xbox console of your choice, as well as a 24-month subscription to EA Play and Xbox Game Pass.







              $600
              

at GameStop (Series S)
            





For anyone that prefers gaming with a little more paper, GameStop is offering a buy two, get one free deal on tons of Magic: The Gathering products. This offer applies to bundles, booster packs, gift boxes, and commander decks while they last. The prices for these products remain unchanged, but this promo can net you a discount of up to $42, depending on what you buy.

















Magic: The Gathering




                $53
              





A limited promotion at GameStop is offering Magic: The Gathering sets for buy two, get one free. This offer applies to any Magic products they currently have in stock.







              $53
              

at GameStop
            





Video game deals
While GameStop has discounted tons of games, the biggest deal here has to be the price break on first-party Nintendo titles. Games from the Zelda or Mario franchises are rarely available for less than full price. What’s even better is this deal extends to digital downloads of these games, so you can get them right away. There is also a solid assortment of Xbox and PlayStation titles available at a deep discount. We’ve put together a few highlights for each platform below, as well as what version the discount applies to. We’ve only listed prices for new versions of these titles; however, you can often save a little more if you choose to buy preowned.
Nintendo Switch


The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild is $35 (digital): A five-year-old game, sure, but Breath of the Wild occupies top spots on lists across the internet when you’re looking for the best games for your Switch. This is also the lowest price we’ve ever seen for this title. Read our full review.


The Legend of Zelda: Link’s Awakening is $39 (physical): While you need to buy a physical cartridge, a discount on this charming remake of the classic GameBoy title is a good deal. Read our full review.


Paper Mario: The Origami King is $35 (digital): This game presents a strange mix of combat puzzles and platforming, but is undeniably whimsical. The art style is unique and the writing is surprisingly witty. Read our full review.

Splatoon 2 is $40 (digital): Nintendo’s colorful multiplayer shooter is currently on sale for a solid discount. Splatoon 2 is weird but taps into that part of your brain that loves to make a mess. Read our full review.

Ring Fit Adventure is $54 (physical): This active game is only available as a physical copy but is a fun way to stay active indoors during the colder months. Read our full review.


Back 4 Blood, the spiritual successor to Left 4 Dead 2 (it was even made by the same team) is currently $25.

PlayStation 4

Hades is $20 (physical): This roguelike brawler features an amazing cast of characters and the thirstiest version of the greek pantheon we’ve ever seen. Read our full review.

PlayStation 5


Guardians of the Galaxy is $27 (physical): This superhero hit from the devs at Square Enix allows you to take control of Starlord and Co. in an adventure that has better writing than the last two Marvel movies. And no, Chris Pratt isn’t wasn’t invited. Read our full review.

Ratchet and Clank: Rift Apart is $50 (physical): Perhaps the best showcase of why you should own a PlayStation 5, this action-platformer is incredibly fun and will have you saying, “How did they do that?” Read our full review.

Ghost of Tsushima: Directors Cut is $50 (physical): This artistic marvel borrows heavily from the works of Kurosawa, and is a romantic take of feudal Japanese culture. Honestly, this game is worth it just for the photo mode. Read our full review.


Watch Dogs: Legion is $14 (physical): The biggest and arguably best entry in the Watch Dogs franchise has you building your own custom band of recruited misfits. Everyone from construction workers to grandmas are potential allies in your fight to liberate London.

Spider-Man: Miles Morales is $30 (physical): An awesome sequel and a technical marvel, your friendly neighborhood web-slinger never looked quite this good. Read our review.

Xbox Series X/S


Assassin’s Creed: Valhalla is $20 (digital): The Assassin’s Creed series has had its ups and downs, but the Norse-flavored Valhalla is a spectacular entry in this open-world franchise.

Halo: The Master Chief Collection is $26 (digital): The value of this collection can’t be overstated. Even with Halo Infinite right around the corner, there's little reason not to pick up this collection of six Halo titles.

Far Cry 6 is $28 (digital): The latest installment of the Far Cry franchise is worth picking up for Giancarlo Esposito’s presence alone.

Mass Effect: Legendary Edition is $28 (digital): If you’ve never experienced the Mass Effect franchise, we forgive you. If you haven’t, however, you can still pick up this repackaged collection, which contains an optimized version of the original trilogy and its DLC.



Verge Deals on Twitter
    Join our over 40,000 followers, and keep up with our best daily tech deals with @vergedeals
  

Follow us!


Accessory deals
GameStop is also discounting tons of great peripherals from big names like Razer and Logitech. Whether you need a new keyboard, mouse, or headset, there are several great deals here that are the lowest prices we’ve seen. Again, GameStop does offer some of these models preowned, which can save you a little more, but we’ve linked exclusively to new models with the appropriate pricing info.
Keyboard deals

















Razer Huntsman Mini




                $80
              

                $100
              

                  21% off
                





The Huntsman Mini is Razer’s first 60 percent keyboard. It doesn’t feature a numpad or dedicated media controls, but it’s a very compact model that won’t take up much space on your desk.







              $80
              

at GameStop
            





              $80
              

at Amazon
            






















Logitech G915 Lightspeed TKL




                $180
              

                $230
              

                  22% off
                





This scaled-down version of the G915 uses a tenkeyless design, ditching the number pad but keeping the same low-profile silhouette and wireless connectivity. The G915 TKL can be equipped with clicky, linear, or tactile switches and features RGB backlighting.







              $180
              

at GameStop
            





              $180
              

at Amazon
            






The Razer BlackWidow V3 Pro is a full-size, wired keyboard featuring Razer’s own clicky green mechanical switches. GameStop has reduced the price to just $140, taking $40 off the regular price of this RGB keyboard.
The full-sized, wired version of the Logitech G915, the G815, is available with linear, tactile, or clicky switches for $150 at GameStop, $50 off the regular retail price. 

Mice deals

















Logitech G305 Lightspeed




                $30
              

                $50
              

                  40% off
                





The Logitech G305 Lightspeed is a wireless mouse with flair. This vibrant mouse features six programmable buttons and a 12K DPI sensor. The G305 is also available in a variety of colorways and is capable of lasting for up to 240 hours with a single AA battery.







              $30
              

at GameStop
            





              $30
              

at Amazon
            


















        
           | Image: Razer 
        
      



Razer DeathAdder V2 Pro Wireless Gaming Mouse




                $70
              

                $130
              

                  47% off
                





Razer’s DeathAdder V2 Pro is a lightweight gaming mouse that’s comfortable to use and is a good wireless alternative to its wired counterpart, with five onboard profiles and a 20K DPI optical sensor. 







              $70
              

at Amazon
            





              $70
              

at GameStop
            






Razer’s most customizable wireless mouse, the Basilisk Ultimate, has a removable sniper button and an adjustable scroll wheel. Normally $150, this mouse is on sale at GameStop for $80.
Logitech’s G Pro is a modest-looking mouse with an esports pedigree. It was made in collaboration with professional gamers who valued its lightweight stature and ergonomic design. Usually, this mouse would cost $130, but it’s currently on sale for $100 at GameStop. 

Headset deals

















Razer Barracuda X




                $70
              

                $100
              

                  30% off
                





Razer’s latest gaming headset, the Barracuda X, normally costs $100 and ships with a USB-C audio transmitter. This makes it an easy choice if you game primarily on the go with a Nintendo Switch or if you have a PS5. It’s also compatible with other platforms via the included USB-A adapter.







              $70
              

at GameStop
            





              $70
              

at Amazon
            






















Razer BlackShark V2




                $70
              

                $100
              

                  30% off
                





The Razer BlackShark V2 is a runner-up in our guide to the best gaming headsets. It’s compatible with PCs outfitted with a 3.5mm port, or using the included USB sound card, as well as consoles and controllers that feature a 3.5mm headphone jack.







              $70
              

at GameStop
            





              $70
              

at Amazon
            





A great Xbox-specific wireless gaming headset, the Razer Kaira is compatible natively with the Xbox Series X, Series S, and Xbox One. However, its Bluetooth functionality also makes it easy to connect the headset with your phone, tablet, or laptop. It normally retails for $100 but has been discounted to $70 at GameStop.

Controller deals

A third-party Nintendo Switch Pro controller from PowerA is currently available for a modest discount. Normally $50, this controller is $39 right now at GameStop.

Another third-party Switch controller, this time mimicking the original GameCube design, has also been marked down to $38, reducing the price by $12 at GameStop.








        Sign up for the
        
          newsletter
        
      
      Verge Deals
    
Subscribe to get the best Verge-approved tech deals of the week.






Just one more thing!
Please confirm your subscription to Verge Deals via the verification email we just sent you.




Email (required)






        By signing up, you agree to our Privacy Notice and European users agree to the data transfer policy.
        
      
Subscribe






Staples is offering Cyber Monday sales and is discounting a diverse range of items. While some are naturally very specific to office work  — the retailer is currently offering up to 60 percent printer paper, for example — there are also some solid deals on smart displays, earbuds, and other tech products, many of which can also be found in our detailed guide to the best Cyber Monday deals happening now. To help you take advantage of the best deals before they sell out, however, we’ve curated a list of some of the top discounts Staples is currently offering, from the HomePod mini to Amazon’s Fire TV Stick 4K.


    Related
  
The best Cyber Monday deals happening now

Headphone and earbud deals

















Bose QuietComfort Earbuds




                $199
              

                $279
              

                  29% off
                





With dynamic, rich sound and the best noise cancellation available in true wireless earbuds, the Bose QuietComfort Earbuds are a terrific pick if you want to listen to your music in peace. Read our review.







              $199
              

at Staples
            






















Bose’s QuietComfort 45 headphones




                $279
              

                $329
              

                  16% off
                





Bose’s QuietComfort 45 headphones update the company’s popular, impossibly comfortable design with USB-C, improved noise cancellation, and longer battery life. Read our review.







              $279
              

at Staples
            







Verge Deals on Twitter
    Join our over 40,000 followers, and keep up with our best daily tech deals with @vergedeals
  

Follow us!


Smart home deals

















Amazon Fire HD 10 (2021, 32GB, ad-supported)




                $75
              

                $150
              

                  51% off
                





The 2021 Fire HD 10 is the largest of Amazon’s Fire tablets. Unlike the previous generation, it also sports a 1080p display and 3GB of RAM, which is plenty if you’re streaming, browsing, or consuming Amazon content. Read our review.







              $75
              

at Staples 
            






The second-generation Echo Show 5 is one of the best smart displays you can buy. It’s an ideal smart display for your nightstand, one that allows you to set alarms using your voice, play music, and more.  Right now, you can buy it for $45 instead of $85. Read our review.


The 32GB kid-centric version of Amazon’s Fire HD 8 tablet is selling in blue for $70 instead of $140, which is a 50 percent discount. 

Amazon’s spherical, fourth-gen Echo is now available for almost 50 percent off, selling for $60 instead of $100 at Staples. Read our full review.

Google’s entry-level Nest Thermostat is a simple smart thermostat that’s easy to install, controllable with your phone, and compatible with most HVAC systems. Right now, Staples has it for $100 instead of $130.
Google’s Nest Hub Max typically sells for $229, but Staples is currently offering it for $179. Read our full review.

The white variant of the Blink Mini security camera is selling for $21 instead of $36 right now, a solid price for the 1080p surveillance camera. Read our review.

A three-pack of Google’s mesh WiFi routers is on sale right now for $150, matching its best price to date. The newer model offers a better range and feature set, but its last-gen counterpart can still help you blanket your home in Wi-Fi if you’re on a budget.

Computing and gaming deals

















Logitech C920S Pro webcam




                $60
              

                $70
              

                  15% off
                





The Logitech C920S Pro is one of the best you can buy right now, and offers full HD 1080p video calling and recording at 30 frames per second.








              $60
              

at Staples
            






















Seagate Game Drive for Xbox 2TB




                $70
              

                $92
              

                  25% off
                





Delegating your older games to slower, but far cheaper storage is a clever way to let you have all of your games accessible without crowding your already-limited SSD space – especially when there’s a sale. 







              $70
              

at Staples
            





Other great deals happening at Staples right now

Last year’s update of Amazon’s standard Fire TV stick comes with an Alexa voice remote, and is currently available for $20 instead of $40. Read our review.

The Bose Frames Tempo are Bluetooth-equipped sunglasses that don’t cover or obstruct your ears, allowing you to stay alert to the outside world. Right now, Staples is selling the audio-outfitted shades for $219 instead of $249. Read our review.


Amazon’s Kindle Paperwhite is currently $104.99, 25 percent off its original price of $139.99. 








        Sign up for the
        
          newsletter
        
      
      Verge Deals
    
Subscribe to get the best Verge-approved tech deals of the week.






Just one more thing!
Please confirm your subscription to Verge Deals via the verification email we just sent you.




Email (required)






        By signing up, you agree to our Privacy Notice and European users agree to the data transfer policy.
        
      
Subscribe









While Black Friday itself is over, several retailers are now offering significant discounts for Cyber Monday — and Walmart is no exception. Right now, the retail giant has deals on everything from the AirPods Pro to the most popular TVs and streaming devices.
We’ve featured a few of these items in our guide to the best Cyber Monday deals happening now, however, the list below highlights all of the best sales Walmart is offering across several categories rather than just a few. It’s perfect, then, for anybody who plans on shopping primarily at Walmart.
If you subscribe to Walmart Plus, the retailer’s equivalent to Amazon Prime, you’ll also gain access to the deals four hours in advance. Regardless of when you plan on doing your shopping, however, we’ll continue to update this page throughout Cyber Monday.


    Related
  
The best Cyber Monday deals happening now
The best tech deals you can still get under $50

4K TV and streaming deals

















LG OLED C1 TV (55-inch)




                $1,297
              

                $2,000
              

                  36% off
                





An OLED TV loaded with features, including support for 4K resolutions, 120Hz refresh rates, and Nvidia G-Sync and AMD FreeSync. Walmart is currently offering discounts on all sizes.







              $1,297
              

at Walmart
            






















Samsung’s The Frame TV (55-inch, 2021)




                $998
              

                $1,398
              

                  29% off
                





Samsung’s The Frame is a smart, 4K TV designed to directly blend in with your home’s decor. The QLED panel can seamlessly switch from displaying whatever content it is you’re watching to idle scenes of decorative art. The Frame also boasts HDR, a 120Hz refresh rate, and a motion sensor to ensure someone is there to see its ambient Art Mode.







              $998
              

at Walmart
            






Walmart is also discounting select sizes of the LG OLED A1 TV, selling the 65-inch, for example, for $1,497 instead of $2,500. Meanwhile, the 55-inch is selling for $1,097 instead of $1,700.
The Chromecast with Google TV is currently on sale for $40 at Walmart, $10 off the regular list price. The excellent streaming device offers support for Dolby Atmos and Dolby Vision, while providing access to all of your favorite streaming services. You can even cast media from your phone through the Chromecast app, or use the built-in voice assistant to help you find your favorite shows. Read our review.

Headphones and true wireless earbud deals
At the moment, Walmart is discounting the AirPods Pro with MagSafe charging cases. The former is currently selling for $159 instead of $249.

















AirPods Pro (with Qi-compatible charging case)




                $150
              

                $200
              

                  26% off
                





Apple’s flagship earbuds improve on the regular AirPods with better sound quality, excellent active noise cancellation, and immersive spatial audio.







              $150
              

at Best Buy
            






















Sony’s WF-1000XM4




                $248
              

                $278
              

                  11% off
                





Sony’s WF-1000XM4 have the best noise cancellation of any true wireless earbuds, and the sound quality is second to none. With a new design that’s smaller and rated IPX4, the earbuds also can now be charged wirelessly.







              $248
              

at Walmart
            






The Samsung Galaxy Buds Plus are the last-gen successor to the original Galaxy Buds. They offer nearly twice as much battery life, and right now you can buy them for $79 instead of $150 at Walmart. Read our full review.
You can pick up a pair of Apple’s second-gen AirPods, now the entry-level model, with wired charging for $115 instead of $130. Read our review.

The Bose QuietComfort 45 — which offer best-in-class comfort, terrific active noise cancellation, and improved battery life over their last-gen counterpart — are on sale for $279, the best price we’ve seen on the wireless headphones. Read our full review.



    Related
  
Which AirPods model should you buy?
Win a mystery bag from The Verge jam-packed with free stuff

The AirPods Max are currently discounted as low as $478 in select colorways $429 in the green colorway at Walmart, one of the better prices we’ve seen on Apple’s luxe noise-canceling headphones. Read our full review.

Tablet deals

















Apple 12.9-inch iPad Pro (2021, 128GB)




                $999
              

                $1,099
              

                  10% off
                





Apple’s latest iPad Pro also comes with the company’s own M1 processor and Thunderbolt, however, the 12.9-inch model also touts the best display of any tablet available.







              $999
              

at Walmart (Wi-Fi)
            






















Apple 11-inch iPad Pro (2021, 128GB)




                $969
              

                $999
              

                  4% off
                





The latest iPad Pro uses a USB-C port instead of Lightning and features a dual-lens rear camera array and Face ID. 







              $969
              

at Walmart (LTE)
            





Smart home deals

















Google Nest Mini (second-gen)




                $25
              

                $49
              

                  50% off
                





The Nest Mini is Google’s smallest smart speaker, and it can bring Google Assistant to almost any area of your home. You can even mount it to your wall with no additional hardware.







              $25
              

at Walmart
            





              $25
              

at Best Buy
            






















Lenovo Smart Clock 2 (with Lenovo Smart Bulb)




                $25
              

                $70
              

                  65% off
                





The Lenovo Smart Clock 2 is the smallest smart display you can buy. The latest version functions as a great night light, comes with a charging dock, and brings the full suite of Google Assistant features to your bedside.








              $25
              

at Walmart
            





Google’s second-gen Nest Hub launched earlier this year with a few upgrades, including sleep tracking. It’s one of the best smart displays available, too, and functions as an excellent digital photo frame. The charcoal and chalk models are on sale for $50 instead of $100. Read our full review.
Best camera deals
If you’re looking for something a little less professional, Walmart is still selling a Fujifilm Instax Mini 7 Plus bundle for just $48, the first discount we’ve seen on the kit. In addition to the instant camera, the bundle includes a 10-pack of Instax film, an assortment of picture frames, and pins for hanging your prints.


Verge Deals on Twitter
    Join our over 40,000 followers, and keep up with our best daily tech deals with @vergedeals
  

Follow us!


Other miscellaneous deals of note

















Apple Watch Series 6 (40mm, GPS)




                $299
              

                $399
              

                  26% off
                





Apple’s last-gen wearable features an always-on display and new sensors that provide the ability to monitor your blood oxygen levels.







              $299
              

at Best Buy
            






The Asus ROG Zephyrus G15 is our pick for this year’s best gaming laptop, and right now you can pick it up for $2,169 instead of $2,859. The deal applies to the 15.6-inch model sporting a 1TB SSD, 16GB RAM, and AMD Ryzen 9 5900HS eight-core.
The retailer is starting to discount several popular video games, including Sonic Mania ($18) for Nintendo Switch and Red Dead Redemption 2 ($25) for Xbox One.
The Fitbit Charge 5 is on sale for $130, its best price to date. We weren’t fans of its UI and lack of physical buttons, but the fitness tracker is plenty capable, with long battery life and a slim, lightweight design. Read our full review.
Coway’s Airmega 200M is down to $129 at Walmart, nearly the best price we’ve seen on the slim, relatively compact HEPA air purifier.
The Eufy RoboVac 11S is on sale at Walmart in either black or white for $138, just shy of the best price we’ve seen on the no-frills robot vacuum.
The first-gen Apple Pencil is currently on sale at Walmart for $80, its second-best price to date. The stylus is compatible with the latest entry-level iPad and a range of earlier models, and it differs from the second-gen model in that you need to plug it into your iPad’s Lightning port in order to charge.
Walmart is selling Marvel’s Black Widow on DVD for $20 instead of $25.
You can pick up a copy of Dune (the novel) for $12 instead of $18 to find out what happens in the second part of the movie without waiting. 








        Sign up for the
        
          newsletter
        
      
      Verge Deals
    
Subscribe to get the best Verge-approved tech deals of the week.






Just one more thing!
Please confirm your subscription to Verge Deals via the verification email we just sent you.




Email (required)






        By signing up, you agree to our Privacy Notice and European users agree to the data transfer policy.
        
      
Subscribe






The Miami City Commission voted to end its short-lived ban on shared electric scooters Monday after some new safety measures were put in place. 
Early this month, the commission voted 4 to 5 to end the city’s multiyear scooter pilot, citing blocked sidewalks and the risk posed by untrained riders on busy streets. The companies that operate shared scooters, including Lime and Spin, argued that their services helped reduce car usage, connect residents to transit hubs, and bring extra revenue to the city. 
That message appears to have gotten through. On Monday, the commission voted 3 to 1 to rescind the ban on the condition that new safety regulations would be implemented. 
“Change is coming; it’s going to happen anyway. Regulate it,” Commissioner Alex Diaz de la Portilla said, according to WPLG Local 10. The new rules include authorizing police officers to enforce speed limits.
Bruno Lopes, senior manager for government relations at Lime, said the news comes as a relief to the company’s customers and employees. “We look forward to working closely with the commissioners and Mayor Suarez to develop a permanent program that prioritizes safety for riders and non-riders alike,” Lopes said in a statement. 

You want to bring a badass foam blaster to your next Nerf war — or gift one to a very grateful kid or kid-at-heart this holiday. Good news: the Nerf Rival Perses, arguably the best official blaster ever made, is just $50 during Walmart’s Cyber Monday sale.
Normally $100, it’s a fully automatic SMG-style blaster that holds 50 far-flying, bouncy foam rounds in its hopper and dishes them out at up to eight shots per second. Plus, you won’t need to buy big bulky dumb alkaline batteries for this one. It comes with its own rechargeable NiMH battery pack and charger, unlike practically every other Hasbro blaster on the market. 
Just know it’s a little too big for small kids. At over five pounds and with big beefy grips, it’ll be a late pre-teen, teen, or adult that’ll be willing to heft this around. 

















Nerf Rival Perses




                $50
              

                $100
              

                  50% off
                





Walmart is offering a fantastic discount on one of the best official Nerf blasters ever made. You can pick up the Rival Perses in red or blue.







              $50
              

at Walmart
            





While the Perses might be the pinnacle of official Nerf blasters (its successor the Mach-100 isn’t so hot), it’s not the pinnacle of Nerf. You can mod it for even more power, add an aftermarket hopper (example) for even more capacity, or try something from another company or even a homegrown blaster to get the most out of the sport. But if you’re looking to spend around $50, you might also briefly consider the $49 Adventure Force Nexus Pro. While it’s not on sale and doesn’t have the fire rate of a Perses, it’s better for accurate blasting outdoors.
There are a lot of other fairly weaksauce blasters on sale this Cyber Monday, but I did spot a handful of others that might be worth your consideration. Also note that Target’s having a buy-two-get-one sale on all Nerf toys.


Nerf Infinus for $35 (normally $70) at Walmart. The only blaster with a feeding mechanism to automatically load its magazine with darts, it fires 30 of them from an included drum. Needs a lot of batteries and not particularly competitive, but fun! 

Nerf Rival Takedown for $11.16 at Target (normally $15-ish). Fun shotgun-style blaster that gets better with an extremely easy spring upgrade and some 3D-printed mods.

Nerf Mega XL Boom Dozer for $30 (normally $40) at Amazon, Walmart, Kohl’s. A six-shot revolving grenade launcher featuring Nerf’s biggest darts ever and what I hear is very satisfying action. Practical? Depends on the rules of your local Nerf war.

Nerf Mega XL Big Rig Blaster for $11.99 (regularly $16) at Target. Same big darts, but one at a time with a bit less shock and awe than the one above.

Nerf Hyper Rush-40 for $17.49 at Kroger or $22.25 at Amazon (normally $30). It’s regarded as the most useful blasters in the otherwise somewhat lackluster Hyper lineup, once you add a cheap hop-up barrel tab so it shoots straight.

Nerf Jolt for $3.69 at Target or Amazon (normally $5-ish). Fires just one dart, takes up the least room possible in your pocket or pouch, why not?



    Related
  
The Dart Zone Pro MK-3 might be the best foam blaster Nerf never made
The engineers building ridiculous dart blasters that Nerf won’t touch
Nerf Hyper review: where the rubber meets the foam 








        Sign up for the
        
          newsletter
        
      
      Verge Deals
    
Subscribe to get the best Verge-approved tech deals of the week.






Just one more thing!
Please confirm your subscription to Verge Deals via the verification email we just sent you.




Email (required)






        By signing up, you agree to our Privacy Notice and European users agree to the data transfer policy.
        
      
Subscribe






Cyber Monday is here, and lots of retailers are dropping prices for everyone's favorite shopping holiday. Right now at Target, we’re seeing great discounts on everything from Beats Studio 3 headphones to the Fitbit Versa 2 fitness tracker. We’ve already highlighted some of these products in our guide to the best Cyber Monday deals happening now, but this list is perfect for anyone doing most of their shopping at this particular retailer.
If you’re doing your shopping elsewhere this weekend, we’ve also gathered all the best deals you can currently get from Amazon, Best Buy, and Walmart.
We’ll be updating this document regularly to keep you posted on more deals as they become available, so make sure to check back with us for more savings at everyone’s favorite big red superstore.


    Related
  
The best Cyber Monday deals happening now
The Verge’s Guide to Cyber Monday 2021

Best headphone deals

















Beats Studio 3




                $170
              

                $350
              

                  52% off
                





The Beats Studio 3 wireless over-ear headphones feature Apple’s W1 wireless chip to quickly connect and switch between Apple devices you might own. These connect via Bluetooth, and they also support 3.5mm for a wired connection.







              $170
              

at Best Buy
            







Beats Solo 3 headphones are being discounted to $100 at Target (usually $200). Read our review.

Bose’s QuietComfort 35 Series II noise-canceling headphones are currently their lowest price ever at Target and are available for $180 (usually $300).

Best earbuds deals

















Apple AirPods Pro (with MagSafe charging case)




                $190
              

                $250
              

                  24% off
                





Apple’s flagship earbuds improve on the regular AirPods with better sound quality, excellent active noise cancellation, and immersive spatial audio.







              $190
              

at Target
            






















AirPods (second-gen) with wired charging case




                $115
              

                $130
              

                  12% off
                





The AirPods are Apple’s second generation of true wireless earbuds and the cheapest model in the current AirPods lineup.







              $115
              

at Target
            






















Samsung Galaxy Buds Pro




                $150
              

                $200
              

                  25% off
                





Samsung’s Galaxy Buds Pro have a blend of tech found in the Buds Plus and Buds Live, with the best sound quality the company has achieved yet in a pair of earbuds.







              $150
              

at Target
            






Our current favorite earbuds, the Sony WF-1000XM4, have dropped to $250 at Target (usually $279). Read our review.

Beats Powerbeats Pro are fitness-oriented earbuds that are a treat for Apple users, currently available at Target for $150, their lowest price ever (usually $250). Read our review.

Samsung Galaxy Buds Live are down to their lowest price ever at Target and are available for $100 (usually $170). Read our review.

Best TV deals

















LG 65-inch C1 series OLED TV




                $1,800
              

                $2,099
              

                  15% off
                





An OLED TV loaded with features, including support for 4K resolutions, 120Hz refresh rates, and Nvidia G-Sync and AMD FreeSync.







              $1,800
              

at Target
            






The slick Roku Streaming Stick 4K (2021 model) has been enjoying this discount for a while now but is still available at Target for $30 (usually $50). Read our review.

Vizio’s V-series 5.1 Soundbar is a simple way to beef up your home audio, currently available at Target for $200 (usually $250).


Best camera deals

















GoPro Hero9 Black




                $350
              

                $400
              

                  13% off
                





GoPro Hero cameras have been the de facto action cams for years. The Hero9 Black features 5K video with HDR, along with an additional front-facing screen for when you’re vlogging or working in tight spaces.







              $350
              

at Target
            





You can purchase this Fujifilm Mini 11 bundle complete with the INSTAX Mini 11 instant camera, film, and more for $60 instead of $80.
Best laptop deals

















Microsoft Surface Pro 7




                $800
              

                $1,200
              

                  34% off
                





The Surface Pro 7 is one of the best Windows convertibles you can buy. This model includes an Intel Core i5, a 128GB SSD, and 8GB of RAM.







              $800
              

at Microsoft
            





              $850
              

at Target
            







    Related
  
The best Cyber Monday laptop deals 2021
The best Cyber Monday deals on cameras and lenses 

Best wearable deals

















Apple Watch SE (40mm, GPS)




                $239
              

                $279
              

                  15% off
                





Apple’s midrange wearable, the Apple Watch SE, serves as a step up from the Series 3, with features and a design similar to more recent flagships.







              $239
              

at Amazon
            






















Fitbit Versa 2




                $120
              

                $180
              

                  34% off
                





A successor to the Fitbit Versa with improved battery life, convenient voice replies for Android users, and great sleep tracking features. 







              $120
              

at Target
            






















Fitbit Luxe




                $100
              

                $150
              

                  34% off
                





The Fitbit Luxe looks more like jewelry. It boasts a colorful OLED touchscreen display and tracks a variety of statistics including heart rate, your sleep, exercise, and more.







              $100
              

at Target
            






The Bose Frames Tempo combine open ear listening and slick shades for $220, their lowest price ever at Target (usually $250).

Garmin’s Fenix 6S Pro is a great smartwatch for anyone who enjoys the outdoors, and it’s currently available for $450 at Target (usually $650).

Best gaming deals

















Razer Barracuda X




                $70
              

                $100
              

                  30% off
                





Razer’s Barracuda X is a wireless, multiplatform gaming headset that usually costs $100. It offers a simple-to-learn array of buttons, and its included audio transmitter can plug directly into USB-C ports. This headset includes an adapter for devices that don’t have USB-C connectivity.







              $70
              

at Target
            






















Razer Basilisk X HyperSpeed




                $35
              

                $60
              

                  42% off
                





The wireless version of Razer’s biggest mouse, the Razer Basilisk X HyperSpeed features six programmable buttons in addition to a scroll wheel with adjustable tension. The Basilisk sensor can increase to 16K DPI and can be paired with your system via Bluetooth or 2.4Ghz wireless.







              $35
              

at Target
            






Target is throwing in a $50 gift card when you buy the Oculus Quest 2 headset from them for $299.

Marvel’s Guardians of the Galaxy is $30 at Target, while Demon’s Souls is selling for $40 and Ghost of Tsushima Director’s Cut is $50 at Target.








        Sign up for the
        
          newsletter
        
      
      Verge Deals
    
Subscribe to get the best Verge-approved tech deals of the week.






Just one more thing!
Please confirm your subscription to Verge Deals via the verification email we just sent you.




Email (required)






        By signing up, you agree to our Privacy Notice and European users agree to the data transfer policy.
        
      
Subscribe






For Cyber Monday, Google is holding onto most of its deals from Black Friday, and there’s a lot to like if you’re in the market for a Pixel, Chromecast, or Nest device. The search giant kicked off the deals in the Google Store early, and now many of the big-name retailers are offering equivalent deals on the same items. Google even advertises these deals as running until December 1st, a few days after Cyber Monday. 
There are many great other Cyber Monday deals that are live in addition to our retailer-specific roundups for sales at Target, Amazon, and Walmart. If you’re starved for ideas on what to shop for, we also have a variety of gift guides for you to check out.
In the meantime, we have highlighted all the worthwhile Google deals below — such as $50 off the budget-friendly Pixel 5A, $40 off the excellent Nest Audio, and the Stadia Premiere Edition bundle for just $22. Check out all there is on offer directly from Google and other retailers. 


    Related
  
The best Cyber Monday deals happening now

Pixel deals
The Pixel 5A is the latest midrange phone from Google, released in the summer before the new Pixel 6 and Pixel 6 Pro started to mix things up. It doesn’t offer Google’s custom-designed processor like the Pixel 6, but its Snapdragon 765G chip, IP67 rating, and friendly price tag give this “boring” phone ample performance. Google dropped the Pixel 5A down to just $399 for Black Friday, offering a strong value proposition with that $50 discount. Read our review.

















Google Pixel 5A




                $399
              

                $449
              

                  12% off
                





The Pixel 5A may not pack a display with a high refresh rate or tons of bells and whistles, but the midrange phone does the basics very well. It also comes with IP67 water resistance, a great camera, and timely software updates.







              $399
              

at Google
            





Chromecast deals
Google’s latest streaming stick, the Chromecast with Google TV, comes with a handy remote and is now $10 off at Google, Walmart, and Best Buy. It makes for a solid streaming option at just $40 and is one of our favorites. Read our review.


    Related
  
The best streaming device to buy right now


















Chromecast with Google TV




                $40
              

                $50
              

                  20% off
                





The Chromecast with Google TV introduces new software that brings together recommendations from all of your streaming services. It also supports Dolby Vision and Dolby Atmos.







              $40
              

at Walmart
            





              $40
              

at Best Buy
            





Even the basic Chromecast, which is a little older, is $10 off at Amazon, Walmart, Best Buy, Target, and Google. It’s still a solid option at $20, but if you can afford to spend more, we strongly advise springing for the newer model with Google TV. 
Nest displays and speakers deals
Google’s second-gen Nest Hub, one of the best cloud-connected digital photo frames you can buy, is half off at Google, Best Buy, Walmart, and Target. Even if the second-gen model isn’t the biggest upgrade over the original, for just $50, this smart speaker and its seven-inch display offer a lot for your connected home. Read our review.


    Related
  
The best smart displays for every home


















Google Nest Hub (second-gen, 2021)




                $50
              

                $100
              

                  50% off
                





The second-gen Nest Hub is Google’s smallest smart display, with a seven-inch touchscreen that automatically adjusts itself to the lighting in your room. What’s new in the latest version is its ability to automatically track your sleep patterns with its Soli radar chip.







              $50
              

at Google
            





              $50
              

at Best Buy
            





If you prefer to supersize all the displays in your life, you can get the Nest Hub Max for $50 off at Walmart, Best Buy, Target, and Google. This brings the smart speaker with a 10-inch display down to $179. Sure, that’s a lot more than the cost of its smaller sibling, but the larger size really helps with readability and sound quality. Read our review.

















Google Nest Hub Max




                $179
              

                $229
              

                  22% off
                





The Nest Hub Max has a 10-inch screen and integrated camera for making video calls. It is Google’s largest and most complete Google Assistant smart display.







              $179
              

at Google
            





              $179
              

at Walmart
            





The Google Nest Audio is one of the more recent additions to Google’s line of smart home devices, and for $60, we cannot recommend it enough. This diminutive speaker — which is on sale right now for $40 off at Google, Target, and Best Buy — produces bigger sound than you might think. At its current price, you could pick up two and pair them in stereo, giving you room-filling sound for $20 more than the normal price of a single unit. Read our review.

















Google Nest Audio




                $60
              

                $100
              

                  40% off
                





Google’s smart speaker with better sound quality than the Google Home. Pairing two in stereo can provide a better experience while jamming to your favorite tunes. 







              $60
              

at Google
            





              $60
              

at Target
            





Need a simple smart speaker for listening to music and controlling your home? The minuscule Nest Mini is currently $24 off at Google, Walmart, Best Buy, and Target, bringing the price down to just $25. It’s one of the easiest ways to add Google Assistant to your home, comes in a variety of fun colors, and sounds much better than the Google Home Mini that came before it. Read our review.

















Google Nest Mini (second-gen)




                $25
              

                $49
              

                  49% off
                





The Nest Mini is Google’s smallest smart speaker, and it can bring Google Assistant to almost any area of your home. You can even mount it to your wall with no additional hardware.







              $25
              

at Google
            





              $25
              

at Walmart
            





Nest smart home deals
The latest iteration of Google’s battery-powered Nest Doorbell is $50 off at Google, Walmart, Best Buy, and Target. At $130, the Nest Doorbell is a convenient option if you prefer not to futz around with hardwiring, and it comes in an array of muted colors so you can best match the exterior of your home. Read our review.

















Google Nest Doorbell (battery-powered)




                $130
              

                $180
              

                  28% off
                





The latest generation of Nest’s battery-powered video doorbell has a tall form factor that comes in multiple colors: white, ivy, ash, and linen. The wireless device records 960 x 1280 resolution at up to 30 frames per second with HDR and night vision, and can detect people, animals, vehicles, and packages.







              $130
              

at Google
            





              $130
              

at Best Buy
            





Google’s older Nest Doorbell, which does require hardwiring, is $80 off at Google, Walmart, Best Buy, and Target, dropping the price to $149. This option may be worthwhile if you prefer a smart video doorbell that is always powered and doesn’t require you to charge it. We do expect a new model in 2022, but this is a great price on a long-standing product from Google.

















Google Nest Doorbell (wired)




                $149
              

                $229
              

                  35% off
                





The wired iteration of Google’s Nest Doorbell offers 24/7 recording with person, motion, and sound alerts. It can also recognize familiar faces and package deliveries, and send you specialized notifications. You will never have to change any batteries, but it will require a little bit more work to install.







              $149
              

at Google
            





              $149
              

at Target
            





The new battery-powered Google Nest Cam that can be used indoors or outdoors is $30 off at Google, Best Buy, and Target. This drops the price to $150 during the shopping holiday, making the Nest Cam a little more appealing. In our review, we mentioned how we were left a little disappointed by the video quality but praised the camera’s handsome robot-like design, which should fit well in any home.
If you’re looking to cover multiple angles of your home, inside or out, you can also stack up extra savings on the Nest Cam at the Google Store. Right now, you can buy a two-pack for $50 off ($280 total) or a four-pack for $100 off ($560 total).

















Google Nest Cam (indoor / outdoor, battery)




                $150
              

                $179
              

                  17% off
                





Google’s Nest Cam records 1080p video and is battery-powered, allowing you to easily mount it indoors or outside. It’s also protected with IP54 weather sealing and features motion detection and night vision.







              $150
              

at Google
            





              $150
              

at Best Buy
            





Possibly the most appealing, and certainly most unique Nest Cam is the new outdoor wired model with a floodlight. You can get this brightly illuminated one for $50 off at Google, Walmart, Best Buy, and Target. For $230, you get a camera with built-in lighting and battery backup. Read our review.

















Google Nest Cam with floodlight (wired)




                $230
              

                $280
              

                  18% off
                





Google’s outdoor Nest camera has an automatic spotlight for bright illumination and object detection. It can be tuned with routines for using just the right amount of light you need at the right times. The floodlight can output a very bright 2,400 lumens when needed, and the housing is IP65 rated to withstand the elements. It requires installation with wired power.







              $230
              

at Google Store
            





              $230
              

at Walmart
            





The newer, entry-level Nest Thermostat from Google offers a clean design and simple controls. For Black Friday, you can get one for just $90 ($40 off) at Amazon and Walmart. Google, Best Buy, and Target have it for $100. This is the most affordable way to get a smart thermostat from Google’s Nest line, outside of getting one through your electrical company. Read our review.

















Google Nest Thermostat




                $90
              

                $130
              

                  31% off
                





Google’s entry-level Nest Thermostat is a simple smart thermostat, one that showcases a minimal aesthetic thanks to its mirrored-finish screen. It doesn’t automatically adjust to your habits, but it is easy to install, controllable with your phone, and is compatible with most HVAC systems.







              $90
              

at Amazon
            





              $90
              

at Walmart
            





The latest generation of the Nest Learning Thermostat, the model that automatically learns your habits and helped kick-start the smart thermostat craze, is $70 off for Black Friday at Google, Walmart, Best Buy, and Target. If you want one of the most robust thermostats around, $179 is about as good as it gets. And if you have a larger house or building that requires multiple thermostats, you can get a two-pack for $150 off from Google.

















Google Nest Learning Thermostat (third-generation)




                $179
              

                $249
              

                  29% off
                





The Nest Learning Thermostat is the original smart thermostat, complete with automatic adjustments, smartphone control, and the ability to go into an energy saving mode when you’re not home.







              $179
              

at Google
            





              $179
              

at Best Buy
            





Switching to the safer side of things, a three-pack of Nest Protect smart smoke alarms is $28 off at Google. They feature built-in carbon monoxide detectors and can be purchased as wired or battery-powered units for the same $329 price tag.

















Nest Protect (second-gen, battery or wired, three-pack)




                $329
              

                $357
              

                  8% off
                





The Nest Protect combines a smoke alarm and carbon monoxide detector into a single smart home device. A smoke detector may not be the most exciting piece of tech, but the Nest Protect can alert your phone if an alarm or warning is ever set off. The CO sensor also lasts for 10 years on both the wired and battery-powered models.







              $329
              

at Google
            





Nest Wifi deals
Google’s much-improved Nest Wifi router and point are $90 off at Google, Walmart, Best Buy, and Target, bringing them down to just $179. This includes the router and one mesh point, letting you extend the signal and tailor it to your own space or home layout. If you only need the router or an extra mesh point to add to your existing model, both can be had from Google for $30 off. And for much larger homes, Google is also offering $100 off a Nest router with two points, dropping the price to $249. Read our review.

















Google Nest Wifi (router and point)




                $179
              

                $269
              

                  34% off
                





Google’s Nest Wifi is a significant improvement over its original Wi-Fi router system. A Nest Wifi with one mesh point can cover a home of up to 3,800 square feet, and the point doubles as a smart speaker.







              $179
              

at Google
            





              $179
              

at Walmart
            





Stadia deals
If you have been wanting to try out Google’s Stadia game streaming service, the Black Friday deal on the Stadia Premiere Edition is the absolute best option possible. This bundle from the Google Store consists of a white Stadia controller and 4K-capable Chromecast Ultra streaming puck for just $22, a discount of $57. That’s 73 percent off the usual $80 price! It’s a pretty wild deal, offering a lot of value. 













        
          Google Stadia Premiere Edition 
        
      



Google Stadia Premiere Edition




                $22
              

                $80
              

                  73% off
                





Stadia is Google’s cloud gaming service, which can be played on anything from a web browser, to a smartphone, to a TV through a Chromecast. It has an ever-growing library of games, including major AAA titles.







              $22
              

at Google Store
            












        Sign up for the
        
          newsletter
        
      
      Verge Deals
    
Subscribe to get the best Verge-approved tech deals of the week.






Just one more thing!
Please confirm your subscription to Verge Deals via the verification email we just sent you.




Email (required)






        By signing up, you agree to our Privacy Notice and European users agree to the data transfer policy.
        
      
Subscribe






Sonos is likely planning to announce a new, smaller, and cheaper subwoofer to join its home theater product lineup. A Redditor spotted mention of a “Sub Mini” right in the Sonos smartphone app, and based on the text, it’s evident that this is a real product and not some mistake or placeholder text. In the screenshot, Sonos describes the Sub Mini as a “smaller, cylindrical subwoofer” compared to the large, square, and very pricey Sub. 
Most conventional subwoofers are hefty squares or rectangles that people often try to keep out of sight. But cylinder-shaped subwoofers aren’t unheard of. The Sub Mini could resemble something like the below subwoofer from OSD.










This example of a cylindrical subwoofer is made by OSD.
Image: OSD


The third-gen Sub currently retails for $749. And while that’s definitely a high premium to pay, some people who are deep in the Sonos ecosystem would tell you that it’s nearly impossible to overstate what the Sub adds to the sound from an Arc or Beam soundbar. You can even add two of them to a home theater setup if you want to get really wild. (Unfortunately, the screenshot also mentions that the Sub Mini won’t support this double-subwoofer scenario.)










The Sonos iPhone app directly mentions the unannounced Sub Mini.
Image: S114HED (Reddit)


Even if it can’t fully match the growl of a regular Sub, a cheaper Sonos subwoofer would be a welcome addition to the company’s product family and let customers enjoy that fuller, deeper audio from their movies, TV shows, and music.
The Verge has reached out to Sonos for comment on the unannounced Sub Mini. The company reported strong earnings yet again in its latest quarter but has been hit hard by supply chain issues. On the Sonos website, many products are backordered until late December and beyond. The company recently rolled out support for DTS audio to its soundbars, along with battery-saving measures for the portable Sonos Move and Roam speakers.

Microsoft’s Cyber Monday deals are now live, offering some solid discounts on its line of Surface laptops and related accessories, with some models being discounted by as much as $600. Many of these models are also available as a bundle deal that allows you to get discounts on services like Microsoft 365 and accessories like the Surface Headphones 2 and the Surface Pen. 
While some of these extras only receive a discount if you purchase them as part of a bundle, we’ve included a few of the accessories you can buy individually that are currently marked down. And if you’re looking for more sweet deals this week, make sure to check out our roundup of the best Cyber Monday deals now available.


    Related
  
The best early Cyber Monday deals happening now
The best laptops you can buy right now

The top-tier model of the Microsoft Surface Laptop Go is currently on sale for $700, knocking $200 off the standard price tag. In our initial review, Monica Chin found the original $900 price tag a little steep. However, this deal makes the original iteration of this laptop a little more palatable. This compact laptop comes equipped with an Intel Core i5 CPU, 8GB of RAM, and 256GB of built-in storage. While this is by far the best price we’ve seen for this laptop, we wouldn’t recommend paying more for this particular configuration. 

















Microsoft Surface Laptop Go




                $550
              

                $700
              

                  22% off
                





Microsoft’s budget-friendly take on the Surface Laptop, the Laptop Go, has a lower-resolution screen, less power, and fewer features. But it’s considerably cheaper, and it might be what you’re looking for if the Surface Go is too small.







              $550
              

at Best Buy
            





The slightly improved sequel to the original Laptop Go, the Surface Go 2, is also getting a solid discount, with most configurations receiving a $150 discount on their regular price. The highest-end model features an Intel Core M3, 8GB of RAM, and 128GB of storage and is down to $580, making it the lowest price we’ve seen for this laptop. According to our review, the Surface Go 2 improved on the original but just barely. Just like the previous model, the price made the specs on this laptop a bit of a tough sell. However, with this deal, it’s a little easier to recommend.

















Surface Go 2




                $400
              

                $550
              

                  28% off
                





Microsoft’s Surface Go 2 is a full-featured Windows tablet with a detachable keyboard and compatible stylus. It’s light and compact, with a solid webcam and sturdy kickstand.







              $400
              

at Microsoft (Pentium 4425Y, 8GB RAM, 128GB SSD)
            





This model of the Surface Pro 7 has been discounted by $400, bringing the total price down to just $800. This configuration normally goes for over $1,000, making this one of the better prices we’ve ever seen for this particular model. This configuration features an Intel Core i5 CPU, 8GB of RAM, and 256GB of storage space. Microsoft is also offering an excellent deal on a more powerful model that includes a Core i7 CPU and double the RAM and storage space for $1,300, taking $600 off the regular MSRP. This is also an excellent deal, but if you just need more storage, it would be more cost-effective to invest in a MicroSD card. Neither of these models comes packaged with a Typer Cover or Surface Pen, but Microsoft is also offering discounts on these accessories, whether you’re purchasing them alone or part of a bundle. Read our review.

















Microsoft Surface Pro 7




                $800
              

                $1,200
              

                  34% off
                





The Surface Pro 7 is one of the best Windows convertibles you can buy. This model includes an Intel Core i5, a 128GB SSD, and 8GB of RAM.







              $800
              

at Microsoft
            





              $850
              

at Target
            





A rock-solid entry in the Surface lineup of laptops, the Surface Pro 7 Plus is currently available at a solid discount, but only if you purchase one as part of a bundle. The two models being offered both include 8GB of RAM and a 128GB SSD but use different processors. The lower-end version uses an Intel Core i3 CPU and costs $650, while the Core i5 version runs $750. Regardless of which version you go with, this $250 discount is the best price you can currently get for this laptop, especially when you throw the Surface Pro Type Cover into the mix.
The Cover is the only required part of this bundle, which is normally available for $130 but is down to $50 as part of this bundle. You can also save on other accessories, like the Surface Pen and services like Microsoft 365, but these are entirely optional. Read our review.

















Microsoft Surface Pro 7 Plus




                $650
              

                $800
              

                  19% off
                





The updated version of the Surface 7 brings solid improvements to performance and graphics in addition to adding LTE connectivity and removable SSDs.







              $650
              

at Microsoft (Intel Core i3, 8GB RAM, 128GB SSD )
            





While Microsoft hasn’t discounted the Surface Pro 8, it is currently offering its accessories at a discount if you purchase everything as part of a bundle. Some of the highlights include $56 off a Surface Pro Signature Keyboard with the Slim Pen 2 and a pair of Surface Headphones 2 for $200, a cool $50 off their regular MSRP. However, unlike the 7 Plus bundle being offered, you’re obligated to add both a Microsoft 365 subscription and a Microsoft protection plan to your purchase. These mandatory add-ons will tack on at least $190 to your purchase. If you’re in the market for these extra goodies, this is a great way to save on the accessories, but otherwise, we’d recommend going with the 7 Plus bundle being offered instead.   

















Microsoft Surface Pro 8




                $1,100
              





The new Surface Pro 8 is Microsoft’s biggest upgrade in years. The forthcoming 2-in-1 touts Thunderbolt 4 support, a 120Hz display, a better camera, and a more modern appearance.







              $1,100
              

at Microsoft 
            





The best price we’ve seen yet for the Surface Laptop 4, many models of this 15-inch laptop are currently discounted by $150. The specific model used by Monica Chin in our review is down to just $1,550. She noted what a massive improvement this model was over the Surface Laptop 3 and particularly how the addition of an AMD CPU positively impacted the overall performance. This model uses a Ryzen 7 CPU paired with 16GB of RAM and a 512GB SSD, but there are options available with up to 32GB of RAM and 1TB of storage.    

















Microsoft Surface Laptop 4




                $1,550
              

                $1,700
              

                  9% off
                





The 2021 Surface Laptop 4 offers excellent performance, better chips, solid battery life, and a great 3:2 display. 








              $1,550
              

at Microsoft (Ryzen 7, 16GB RAM, 512GB SSD)
            





This curvy ergonomic mouse is currently available at a solid discount, bringing the regular price of $100 down to $80 in white. This rechargeable mouse can last up to three months on a single charge and is all business. The mouse can pair with your device via Bluetooth or using the included 2.4Ghz wireless dongle. There are six programmable buttons, and much like Logitech’s Master series of ergonomic mice, the Precision Mouse features a scroll wheel that can either move in steps or be released to freewheel through large pages.

















Microsoft Surface Precision Mouse




                $80
              

                $100
              

                  21% off
                





The Surface Precision Mouse features excellent battery life, can connect either via Bluetooth or 2.4GHz wireless, and has an unlockable scroll wheel.







              $80
              

at Microsoft
            





This bundle, now available at both Amazon and Best Buy, takes $65 off the regular price of this amazing ergonomic package. For just $65, you get the futuristic-looking split layout Sculpt keyboard, an ergonomic mouse, and a stand-alone Numpad. If you purchase at Best Buy, you’ll even get a free three-month subscription to Microsoft 365 to sweeten the deal.

















Microsoft Sculpt keyboard combo




                $65
              

                $130
              

                  50% off
                





This ergonomic keyboard features a contoured design with a detachable palm rest to fully support your hands and wrists. This bundle also comes equipped with a standalone number pad and a contoured mouse to cut down on wrist strain.







              $65
              

at Amazon
            





              $65
              

at Best Buy
            












        Sign up for the
        
          newsletter
        
      
      Verge Deals
    
Subscribe to get the best Verge-approved tech deals of the week.






Just one more thing!
Please confirm your subscription to Verge Deals via the verification email we just sent you.




Email (required)






        By signing up, you agree to our Privacy Notice and European users agree to the data transfer policy.
        
      
Subscribe






If you’re looking to score a great deal on an Amazon device for Cyber Monday, you’re in luck. Amazon is offering up to 50 percent of some of its most popular products, including the latest Echo Show 5 and Fire HD 10. The company is also offering a number of deals across several categories, ranging from Kindles and Fire TV sticks to Blink devices and even the Halo View, which has yet to be released.
For your convenience, we’ve curated a list of the best deals currently to be had on Amazon devices. We’ll be continuously updating this post as well as more deals arrive, so be sure to check back. And, of course, if you want to save even more, check our coverage of the best Cyber Monday deals happening now.


    Related
  
The best early Cyber Monday deals happening now

Echo deals

















Amazon Echo (fourth-gen)




                $60
              

                $100
              

                  41% off
                





As we noted in our review last year, we were impressed with the latest Echo. The latest model opts for a spherical build and better sound, while maintaining its approachable price tag.







              $60
              

at Amazon
            





If you’re looking for something more affordable, the third-gen Echo Dot is also 50 percent off right now, bringing the price down from $40 to $20. Despite its age, we still think it’s a great little smart speaker for the price, with decent sound and plenty of functionality thanks to Amazon’s Alexa. Read our review.

Echo Show deals

















Echo Show 8 (first-gen, select colors)




                $60
              

                $110
              

                  46% off
                





The last-gen Echo Show 8 is Amazon’s mid-size smart display. It features a sharp, 8-inch screen and most of the features found on the second-gen model, though, it lacks the latter’s 13MP camera and speedy performance. Read our review. 







              $60
              

at Amazon
            





The kid's version of the second-gen Echo Show 5 is also on sale, going for $50 instead of $95. This tablet boasts a colorful design, a two-year warranty, and a year of Amazon Kids Plus, which gives kids access to more than 15,000 kid-friendly videos, audiobooks, games, music stations, and more.
Echo Buds deals

















Echo Buds (second-generation)




                $90
              

                $140
              

                  36% off
                





This version of the second-generation Echo Buds features wireless charging capability into the case, allowing you to top off the battery from any Qi charging platform. Like we pointed out in our review, they also boast more powerful noise cancellation than before and offer good sound quality for its price. 







              $90
              

at Amazon (wireless charging case)
            





              $70
              

at Amazon (no wireless charging case)
            





You can buy the $250 Echo Frames (second-gen) for $155 at Amazon, or grab a pair of Echo Frames with polarized lenses for $165 instead of $270. The Echo Frames are a lightweight pair of glasses outfitted with built-in small speakers and mics, which make it possible to listen to music and use Alexa on the go. Although they offer great mic quality on calls, Alexa is limited on phones, and they don’t work on multiple devices. Read our review.

Fire tablets deals
For a limited time, Amazon is taking up to 50 percent off the standard and Plus versions of the Fire 7, Fire 8, and Fire 10 HD tablets. The standard and Kids Pro configurations of each of these models are also on sale.

















2021 Fire HD 10 (32GB)




                $75
              

                $150
              

                  51% off
                





The 2021 Fire HD 10 is the largest of Amazon’s Fire tablets. Unlike the previous generation, it also sports a 1080p display and 3GB of RAM, which is plenty if you’re streaming, browsing, or consuming Amazon content. Read our review.








              $75
              

at Amazon (ad-supported)
            





              $90
              

at Amazon (ad-free)
            






















2020 Amazon Fire HD 8 (64GB)




                $75
              

                $120
              

                  38% off
                





The Fire HD 8 is Amazon’s 8-inch Fire HD tablet. This model 32GB of storage (plus microSD support). The base model is down to $75 at Amazon and includes a Blink Mini camera.







              $75
              

at Amazon (ad-supported)
            





              $90
              

at Amazon (ad-free)
            






The 2021 Fire HD 10 Plus, which comes with wireless charging and 4GB RAM, also starts at $105 instead of $180 when you pick up the 32GB, ad-supported version. The 64GB, ad-supported version of the Amazon Fire HD 8 Plus, which comes with twice the storage and 3GB RAM, has also been discounted down from $140 to $85.
Various configurations of Amazon’s Fire HD 7 tablet are also on sale, starting with the 16GB, ad-supported standard model, which is available for $35 instead of $50. You can also pick up the 16GB Fire 7 Kids Pro tablet for $60 instead of $90. Read our review.


Kindle deals

















Amazon Kindle (2019)




                $50
              

                $90
              

                  45% off
                





Amazon’s most affordable e-reader that now includes a front light for the display. The tablet also offers support for Bluetooth headphones and is a little more comfortable to hold than its predecessor. Read our review.







              $50
              

at Amazon (with ads, white)
            





              $70
              

at Amazon (without ads)
            






If you prefer the $160 Kindle Paperwhite Kids, you can buy it for $115 today. Like the Kindle Kids, this model comes with a one-year subscription to Amazon Kids Plus, providing your child access to thousands of books and hundreds of audiobooks.
The Kindle Paperwhite is currently $105 when you choose the model with four months free of Kindle Unlimited, 26 percent off its original price of $140. This is the ad-supported version. 
The ad-supported Kindle Oasis is also on sale for $174.99, $75 off its original price of $249.99. You must select the option that gives you three months free of Kindle Unlimited to get this deal.

Halo deals

















Amazon Halo View 




                $50
              

                $80
              

                  38% off
                





The Halo View is Amazon’s newest fitness tracker, and is set to arrive on December 8. It features a color AMOLED screen that displays activity information, sleep scores, and more at a glance. It also comes with a yearlong Halo membership, giving you access to various wellness perks. We have yet to test the tracker, though, it does look like an affordable alternative to devices like the Fitbit Charge 5.







              $50
              

at Amazon
            







    Related
  
How different is Amazon’s Halo View from the Fitbit Charge 5?

Fire TV deals

















Amazon Omni Fire TV 




                $420
              

                $560
              

                  26% off
                





Amazon’s new Omni Fire 4K TV features built-in microphones for Alexa commands, low input lag, and support for two-way video calling. It also provides access to Netflix, Prime Video, Disney Plus, and most major streaming services.








              $420
              

at Best Buy (55-inch)
            





              $420
              

at Amazon (55-inch)
            





Fire TV stick deals

















Amazon Fire TV Stick 4K Max




                $35
              

                $55
              

                  37% off
                





Boasting an improved performance compared to the Fire TV Stick 4K, Amazon’s newest streaming stick also supports Wi-Fi 6, Dolby Vision, HDR, HDR10 Plus, and Dolby Atmos. Its newer remote, which comes with the stick, additionally offers handy shortcuts to live TV programming and apps. Read our review.







              $35
              

at Amazon
            





If you’re looking for something a little cheaper, the older Fire TV Stick 4K packaged with the third-gen Alexa remote is also 50 percent off, selling for $25 instead of $50 today. 
Home security deals 

















Blink Outdoor (wireless)




                $60
              

                $100
              

                  41% off
                





As its name suggests, you can use the Blink home camera system outdoors. Highlights include 1080p video, night vision, motion detection, and two-way audio. Blink cameras are sold as one-, two-, three-, or five-camera systems. Right now, Amazon is selling the one-camera system starting at $60 instead of $100, and offering additional discounts on the others. 







              $60
              

at Amazon (one camera)
            





              $220
              

at Amazon (five cameras)
            






















Blink Indoor




                $180
              

                $280
              

                  36% off
                





 Like the outdoor camera, the indoor Blink also offers 1080p video, night vision, motion detection, and two-way audio. And, again, they’re sold as one-, two-, three-, or five-camera systems. Right now, Amazon is selling the one-camera system starting at $50 instead of $80, while additionally offering discounts on the others. 







              $180
              

at Amazon (five cameras)
            






















Blink Outdoor 5 Cam Kit bundle with Echo Show 5 (second-gen) 




                $60
              

                $100
              

                  41% off
                





As its name suggests, you can use the Blink home camera system outdoors. Highlights include 1080p video, night vision, motion detection, two-way audio, while it also works with Alexa.







              $60
              

at Amazon
            





Luna deals

















Luna Controller  




                $50
              

                $70
              

                  29% off
                





Luna is a wireless controller designed for Luna, Amazon’s cloud gaming service, and features a separate Wi-Fi connection so you can play Luna games without as much input lag.







              $50
              

at Amazon
            





You can also essentially pick up a Fire TV Stick 4K Max for free if you buy it alongside a Luna controller as a part of this bundle, which is currently selling for $85 instead of $125.
Eero deals

















Eero Pro 6 tri-band mesh Wi-Fi router




                $171
              

                $229
              

                  26% off
                





A lone Eero Pro 6 router offers all the convenience and benefit of its near-gigabit speeds and convenient interface, with room to grow the system via added extenders.







              $171
              

at Amazon
            






















Eero Pro 6 tri-band mesh Wi-Fi 6 system (three-pack)




                $449
              

                $599
              

                  26% off
                





The Eero mesh router system makes it easy to cover all corners of your home with a strong Wi-Fi signal. A three-pack is perfect for tailoring your Wi-Fi needs to whatever size and shape home you have.







              $449
              

at Amazon
            





Readers can also pick up a $129 eero 6 dual-band mesh Wi-Fi 6 router or $279 system with a built-in Zigbee smart home hub for $77 and $167, respectively.







        Sign up for the
        
          newsletter
        
      
      Verge Deals
    
Subscribe to get the best Verge-approved tech deals of the week.






Just one more thing!
Please confirm your subscription to Verge Deals via the verification email we just sent you.




Email (required)






        By signing up, you agree to our Privacy Notice and European users agree to the data transfer policy.
        
      
Subscribe






Now that we’re past Black Friday, Amazon has shifted its deals — this time to Cyber Monday. Amazon has a slew of deals worth jumping on now if time is of the essence.
Below are a variety of deals worth your time and attention, especially if you’re an Amazon Prime subscriber. If you’re cross-shopping at the other major retailers, we’ve also put together a more general roundup of the best Cyber Monday deals to look out for. Also, if you love a chance to win some free stuff, don’t miss our mystery bag giveaway.


    Related
  
The Verge’s Guide to Black Friday and Cyber Monday 2021
The best Cyber Monday deals happening now

4K TV deals

Amazon is offering up to 33 percent off on select Samsung TVs, ranging from smaller sizes to larger sizes, as well as steep discounts on some projectors. Notable call-outs include Samsung’s The Frame line of art-inspired, HDR-equipped TVs, starting with last year’s 32-inch model for just $448 ($152 off). The 43-inch, 2021 model is also going for $798 ($202 off), while the 75-inch configuration is on sale at $2,198 ($802 off). 
Some of Samsung’s outdoor Terrace TVs are currently discounted — like the 55-inch model, now priced at $2,798 ($702 off) — as well as Samsung’s 120-inch, short-throw Premiere projector, now on sale for $2,498 ($1,002 off).


















Samsung The Frame LCD TV (65-Inch, 2021)




                $1,498
              

                $2,000
              

                  26% off
                





Samsung’s The Frame is a smart, 4K TV designed to directly blend in with your home’s decor. The QLED panel can seamlessly switch from displaying whatever content it is you’re watching to idle scenes of decorative art. The Frame also boasts HDR, a 120Hz refresh rate, and a motion sensor to ensure someone is there to see its ambient Art Mode.







              $1,498
              

at Amazon
            





LG’s OLED TVs have recently received some great discounts, with Amazon offering up to 28 percent off the excellent C1 line. You can choose from the 48-inch for $1,097 ($200 off), the 55-inch for $1,297 ($203 off), the 65-inch for $1,797 ($703 off), or the massive 77-inch for $2,897 ($903 off). The 65-inch is our pick for the best size-to-price ratio, but you cannot go wrong with any C1 if you can make the size and budget work for you.

















LG C1 OLED TV (65-inch)




                $1,797
              

                $2,500
              

                  29% off
                





An OLED TV loaded with features, including 4K resolution, a 120Hz refresh rate, and support for both Nvidia G-Sync and AMD FreeSync technologies.







              $1,797
              

at Amazon
            





Sony’s complete X85J lineup, which offers support for Google TV, is up to 28 percent off at Amazon. Each TV offers a big display at a very affordable price, along with an intuitive app interface thanks to Google. It’s not every day you can get a solid, 85-inch 4K TV for just $1,998 ($502 off).

















Sony X85J TV (85-inch, 2021 model)




                $1,998
              

                $2,500
              

                  21% off
                





Sony’s X85J line of TVs are equipped with Google TV for compatibility with Android apps built for set-tops and a native 120Hz refresh rate for gaming.







              $1,998
              

at Amazon
            





Headphones and true wireless earbud deals

















Bose QC45 headphones




                $279
              

                $329
              

                  16% off
                





Bose’s QuietComfort 45 headphones update the company’s popular, impossibly comfortable design with USB-C, improved noise cancellation, and longer battery life.







              $279
              

at Amazon
            





              $279
              

at Best Buy
            






The latest Bose QuietComfort 45, which just came out during the summer, are currently on sale for their best price to date. Amazon has the new noise-canceling headphones in black or white for $279, saving you $50. Read our review. 

If you’re looking for an alternative set of noise-canceling headphones from Bose, there’s the QC35 II. The last-gen model is now even more affordable at just $179, a cool $170 off the original MSRP.

Sony’s WF-1000XM4 — our top pick for the best true wireless earbuds — are on sale at Amazon for $248, saving you $32. The excellent noise-canceling headphones offer fantastic sound, great battery life, and come in either black or white. Read our review.


















Sony WF-1000XM4




                $248
              

                $280
              

                  12% off
                





Sony’s WF-1000XM4 have the best noise cancellation of any true wireless earbuds, and the sound quality is second to none. You can also charge them wirelessly, and they sport a new design that’s smaller and features IPX4 water and sweat resistance.







              $248
              

at Amazon
            






If you’re on a tighter budget and still value high-quality active noise cancellation, the Bose QuietComfort Earbuds are down to $199 from their usual price of $279 (a savings of $80). You even have your pick of the litter among its four color options. Read our review.
The fitness-focused Bose Sport Earbuds are $30 off at Amazon, matching an all-time low of $149.

The black version of Apple’s AirPods Max are down to $429 ($120 off) at Amazon. Apple’s AirPods Max are selling for $440 in the silver colorway from Amazon, down from their hefty $549 standard price. Read our review. 
The newest earbuds from Apple, the $179.99 third-gen AirPods, borrow some styling from the AirPods Pro and improve on the second-gen while adding a MagSafe case. Right now, they’re $150 at checkout when you buy them at Amazon.
The Beats Studio Pro earbuds are down to their lowest price yet at Amazon. Normally $149.99, this new model from Beats that recharges via USB-C and works well on Android (in addition to iOS), is $100. Read our review.



















Apple AirPods Max (select colors)




                $440
              

                $549
              

                  20% off
                





Apple’s AirPods Max feature exemplary build quality, sound phenomenal, and keep up with the best at noise cancellation.







              $440
              

at Amazon (silver)
            







    Related
  
The best noise-canceling headphones to buy right now

Amazon Kindle deals

















Kindle Paperwhite (8GB, 2021)




                $105
              

                $140
              

                  26% off
                





Amazon’s new Kindle Paperwhite has a 6.8-inch, E Ink display with adjustable color temperature for nighttime reading. It also boasts a faster processor, additional battery life, IPX8 waterproofing, and — finally — a USB-C port.







              $105
              

at Amazon (with ads)
            





              $125
              

at Amazon (without ads)
            






The Kindle Paperwhite is currently $105, 26 percent off its original price of $140. This is the ad-supported version. If you want the ad-free version, the smart move is to go with the Kindle Paperwhite Kids, which is down to $114.99 ($45 down from $159.99). 

The flagship Kindle Oasis is also on sale for $174.99, $75 off its original price of $249.99. 
If both of those are too expensive, the base model Kindle is down to $49.99 from its regular price of $89.99.


Amazon Fire TV Sticks

















Amazon Fire TV Stick 4K Max (2021)




                $35
              

                $55
              

                  37% off
                





Boasting an improved performance compared to the Fire TV Stick 4K, Amazon’s newest streaming stick also supports Wi-Fi 6, Dolby Vision, HDR, HDR10 Plus, and Dolby Atmos. Its newer remote, which comes with the stick, additionally offers handy shortcuts to live TV programming and apps.







              $35
              

at Amazon
            





Of course, Amazon is discounting its own hardware. Shopping holidays like Cyber Monday and Amazon Prime Day are some of the best times to pick up one of Amazon’s popular streaming sticks, many of which are currently discounted to 50 percent off.

Amazon’s Fire TV Stick 4K is just $25 (50 percent off) right now. While not as capable as the Fire TV Stick 4K Max, it’s still plenty fast and offers support for Dolby Vision, Dolby Atmos, HDR10 Plus, and HDR10. Read our full review.
The high-end Fire TV Stick 4K Max — a streaming device with Wi-Fi 6 and faster performance than the previous model — is $20 off, bringing the final sale price down to $35. Read our review.


















Echo Show 8




                $95
              

                $130
              

                  27% off
                





The Echo Show 8 hits the sweet spot for a smart display: not too small for touch control of your smart home, and not too big to sit on your kitchen counter and stream Netflix. 







              $95
              

at Amazon
            





              $95
              

at Best Buy
            





Amazon smart speaker and smart home tech deals


Amazon’s older but still great, third-gen Echo Dot smart speaker is a steal for just $20, down from $40, with the option of 6 months of Amazon Music for free. 

The spherical Echo fourth-gen speaker with the built-in Zigbee smart home hub is now almost half price at $59.99 compared to $99.99. Read our Echo fourth-gen review.

For an Alexa-powered smart display, the Echo Show 8 (second-gen) is $59.99, down from $129.99.


















Ring Alarm (eight-piece)




                $150
              

                $250
              

                  41% off
                





Ring Alarm is a home security system that works with Alexa voice control, and Alexa Guard and Guard Plus services, to help you secure your home. It offers professional monitoring and works with Ring’s security cameras.







              $150
              

at Amazon (OUT OF STOCK)
            






The top-tier Nest Learning Smart Thermostat is $70 off right now and is the only Nest thermostat you can buy that works with Amazon Alexa’s smart voice assistant.
The cheapest Ring video doorbell, Ring Video Doorbell Wired, gets even cheaper with an $18 price cut to $41.99. Plus, you can get an Echo Dot third-gen smart speaker with it for free with this bundle. 

Ring’s second-gen home security system, Ring Alarm which works with Alexa Guard, is on sale for $80 off ($119 instead of $199 for the five-piece kit) and the eight-piece is $100 off ($149.99 instead of $249.99). 

The Eero Pro 6 mesh Wi-Fi routers are selling for $299 for a two-pack, a savings of $100, with the slightly less powerful Eero 6 two-pack down to $167 from $279. Read our full Eero review.




Verge Deals on Twitter
    Join our over 40,000 followers, and keep up with our best daily tech deals with @vergedeals
  

Follow us!


Some more worthwhile deals at Amazon

The Fitbit Sense is down to $200, a savings of $100 for this smartwatch with mood and stress tracking. Read our review of this fitness watch that measures SpO2, heart rate variability, breath rate, skin temp, and EDA.  
A great companion to any streamer or podcaster, the Blue Yeti microphone is on sale at Amazon for $90 in select colorways, matching one of its best prices to date. 

A variety of Shure microphones are discounted up to 28 percent off. This includes the legendary SM7B, which is the mic you hear on some of the world’s biggest podcasts, for $359 ($40 off). For lower-cost offshoots of the SM7B, the USB-equipped Shure MV7 mic is $219 ($30 off) and the no-frills XLR-only Shure MV7X is just $149 ($30 off).
Razer gaming peripherals are up to 50 percent off, offering steep discounts on headsets, mice, keyboards, and more. This includes $35 off the Razer Kishi mobile game controller for Android phones, as well the Seiren X USB streaming mic, which is available in black for just $50 ($50 off). The popular Razer DeathAdder v2 Pro wireless gaming mouse is down to an all-time low of $70, too, saving you $60.
Selections from Canon’s mirrorless camera system, including the full-frame EOS R and APS-C EOS M50 Mark II, are up to 38 percent off. This brings the EOS R body down to $1,600, a healthy $200 off the usual price.
If you’re putting in all this hard work and shopping early for your loved ones, don’t forget to treat yourself to something nice — like Ferrero chocolate. Right now, you can get a 48-count gift box of assorted sweets for just $21.76 as a present for you or someone else. We know it’s not tech-related, but we won’t judge you.
Snag a capacious 256GB Samsung microSD card for your Switch, phone, camera, or laptop (assuming they have a microSD card slot) at Amazon for just $25.








        Sign up for the
        
          newsletter
        
      
      Verge Deals
    
Subscribe to get the best Verge-approved tech deals of the week.






Just one more thing!
Please confirm your subscription to Verge Deals via the verification email we just sent you.




Email (required)






        By signing up, you agree to our Privacy Notice and European users agree to the data transfer policy.
        
      
Subscribe






Mobile kitchens that cater solely to food delivery services, like Uber Eats and DoorDash, sound like a great idea in theory, as dedicated delivery kitchens can push out food faster without having to worry about passing meals along to servers. But a report from The Wall Street Journal details some of the mishaps associated with one trailer-bound ghost kitchen company, Reef, which involves third-degree burns and regulatory violations.
Just this April, the WSJ reports that one Reef kitchen in Houston, Texas experienced two fiery accidents in just four months. One involved a blast that erupted from the kitchen’s propane burners — and by a stroke of luck, the cook came out unscathed.
While the cook escaped harm — she happened to open a refrigerator at the same time that shielded her from the flames — it was the second such incident at the same Houston trailer in four months. The first one injured a different cook, as flames scorched her face and gave her third-degree burns on her hands that caused skin to peel off her fingers, rendering her unable to work.
This mayhem gets a little less unsurprising when you realize that Reef actually didn’t start out in the food business. According to the WSJ, Reef (formerly ParkJockey) originally sought to transform portions of parking lots into trailer-filled parks that contain different service areas. After receiving $1.2 billion in funding from SoftBank in 2018, it bought out two parking lot management companies, becoming “the largest parking-lot network in North America.”
And although Reef is apparently a parking lot tycoon, it still has issues securing a proper parking space to plant its trailers. The WSJ found that the company has to resort to renting parking lots for over 70 percent of its kitchens.
Reef found it wasn’t able to put trailers on many of its lots, as some had enclosed garages, where propane tanks and utility hookups aren’t allowed. Others were owned by landlords who didn’t want food trucks, former employees said.
In addition, some cities classify Reef’s trailers as food trucks, meaning the company often has to tow its trailers to commissaries to fill up on water — sometimes shelling out $20,000 for towing in a single day, as noted by the WSJ. To complicate things further, the trailers aren’t made for use on the road, potentially straining propane lines and leading to leaks. Reef has also been hit with various violations, including some for operating without a permit and not towing trailers to dedicated commissaries after use, leading to the suspension of over 25 trailers since this summer.
Wendy’s, Burger King, and Popeye’s have also reportedly sealed deals with Reef
Despite all of these glaring issues, the WSJ states that Reef’s food revenue reached $12 million in September, 600 percent higher than last year. Wendy’s, Burger King, and Popeye’s have also reportedly sealed deals with Reef, which means if you get your food delivered from some of these locations, you won’t even know it came from a trailer. According to the WSJ, Reef currently has around 350 mobile kitchens.
Reef does have some competition, however, in the form of former Uber CEO Travis Kalanick’s CloudKitchens. Kalanick’s floating kitchen company also seems to be experiencing operational difficulties but of a completely different breed. It reportedly suffers from the same sort of chaos that surrounded Uber under Kalanick’s lead, including high turnover rates and an “aggressive internal culture.” 
Whether you’ve never heard of ghost kitchens or you walk by one every day, this WSJ report gives you an inside look at how the business operates.

Cyberpunk 2077 developer CD Projekt Red assured investors and players during its latest quarterly earnings that the already-delayed next-gen update for the game is “on track” for the first quarter of 2022. CDPR originally announced a late 2021 target launch for the update in September but said in October that the release would slip into next year. 
Cyberpunk 2077 had a famously rocky launch, and CDPR has released multiple updates and hotfixes to address many of the game’s issues. But it’s seen a recent surge in popularity; it was one of the top sellers on Steam last week, according to SteamDB, possibly buoyed by a 50 percent price cut as part of Steam’s Autumn Sale. (It’s currently 50 percent off on the PlayStation and Xbox stores as well, if you’d prefer to play the game on a console.)


#SteamTopSellers for week ending 28 November 2021:#1 - Farming Simulator 22#2 - Battlefield™ 2042#3 - Cyberpunk 2077#4 - Red Dead Redemption 2#5 - Valve Index VR Kithttps://t.co/xKGeZySbAK— SteamDB (@SteamDB) November 28, 2021



The also-delayed next-gen update for The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt is similarly still on track for the second quarter of 2022, CDPR said. Both next-gen updates will be free for people who already own the games. 

Gamers are served up all kinds of great deals throughout the year. It’s not uncommon for recently released games to drop as much as 20 percent off in the first few months of release or to snag the occasional one-off deal on a controller or headset. But Black Friday and Cyber Monday are something special — a chance to get in on the year’s best offers all at once. 
Like 2020, the holidays in 2021 are a bit peculiar, what with the ongoing pandemic and chip shortage. There’s no shortage of games and accessories, but fewer consoles are available for first-time buyers to gift, which means the opportunities to get one are very rare and very popular. Some retailers have even taken to charging subscription fees that offer you a boosted chance of getting a console, but even those aren’t a guarantee.
We’re splitting up this roundup by platform, so find the one you’re shopping for, and enjoy the deals. We also have a catch-all guide to the best Cyber Monday deals happening now, for all your shopping needs.


    Related
  
The best wired or wireless gaming headsets to buy
The best wired or wireless gaming mouse you can buy
The best Cyber Monday deals happening now

 









Illustration by Alex Castro / The Verge


Nintendo Switch software deals
There are a shocking amount of great deals on Switch games, and several retailers are offering the same $40 price for physical and digital editions of popular, first-party titles. In addition to games, there are notable discounts on games and accessories.


Xenoblade Chronicles: Definitive Edition is $35 at Amazon (originally $60)

Astral Chain is $40 at Amazon (originally $60)

Paper Mario: The Origami King is $35 at GameStop (originally $60)

The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild is $35 at GameStop (originally $60)

New Super Mario Bros. U Deluxe is $35 at GameStop and Amazon (originally $60)

Splatoon 2 is $35 at Amazon (originally $60)

Kirby Star Allies is $35 at Amazon (originally $60)

The Legend of Zelda: Link’s Awakening is $39 at GameStop and Amazon (originally $60)

Fire Emblem: Three Houses is $35 at GameStop (originally $60)

Super Mario Odyssey is $38 at Best Buy (usually $60)

Hades is $20 at Amazon and Walmart (usually $35)

BioShock Collection is $15 at Amazon (usually $40)

The Great Ace Attorney Chronicles is $30 at Amazon and GameStop (usually $40)
If you have a Nintendo Switch, give it a huge boost in storage with this SanDisk 400GB microSD card for just $45 at Amazon.



    Related
  
The best early Cyber Monday deals happening now

Nintendo Switch peripheral deals
In addition to all these great software titles, one of the best deals around Nintendo’s console is this early Cyber Monday deal on the Switch Pro controller. It’s normally $70, but it is currently $20 off at Walmart, GameStop, and Amazon — bringing it down to an all-time low of $50.

















Nintendo Switch Pro Controller 




                $50
              

                $70
              

                  29% off
                





The Nintendo Switch Pro Controller serves a more traditional — and vastly more comfortable — controller alternative to the company’s Joy-Cons.







              $50
              

at GameStop
            





              $50
              

at Amazon
            






















Ring Fit Adventure




                $54
              

                $80
              

                  33% off
                





Nintendo’s exercising game for the Switch. In addition to the game, Ring Fit Adventure also includes a Ring-Con and a Leg Strap.







              $54
              

at Amazon
            





              $54
              

at GameStop
            
















The excellent Backbone One is $15 off for the first time.
Photo by Cameron Faulkner / The Verge


Mobile deals
For iPhone users, you can pick up the Backbone One controller for $15 off its usual price direct from Backbone Labs. Normally $100, it’s currently $85 and comes with three months of Xbox Game Pass Ultimate. This controller works with its own app, turning your iPhone into more of a gaming console. It’s compatible with a wide range of iPhones, however, make sure to check the box that says “Add iPhone 13 Pro & Pro Max Adapter,” if you own one of Apple’s latest that has a thicker camera array.

















Backbone One iPhone controller




                $85
              

                $100
              

                  15% off
                





The Backbone One mobile controller can connect to iPhones as far back as the 6S generation through the Lightning port. It’s a fully featured controller complete with dual analog sticks, a headphone jack, and its own software for capturing screenshots and connecting to game streaming services.







              $85
              

at Backbone
            







Verge Deals on Twitter
    Join our over 40,000 followers, and keep up with our best daily tech deals with @vergedeals
  

Follow us!













Illustration by Alex Castro / The Verge


PlayStation 5 deals
While you might not be able to find a PS5 console in time for the holidays (fingers are crossed for you, though), you can at least stock up on games and accessories that would normally cost you more than they do right now. Keep in mind that all of the deals below (with the exception of the digital games from the PlayStation Store) are the disc versions of the games, requiring the $500 PS5 console that has a disc drive. Here are the best deals currently running: 

Call of Duty: Vanguard is $39 at GameStop (usually $70)

















Call of Duty: Vanguard




                $55
              

                $70
              

                  22% off
                





Call of Duty: Vanguard is the latest installment in the long-running FPS series, from developer Sledgehammer Games. It returns to the theater of World War II for campaign and online multiplayer, and also features Zombies and Warzone modes.







              $55
              

at GameStop
            







Back 4 Blood is $25 at GameStop (usually $60)

Hades is $20 at Amazon, Target, and Walmart, or digital via PlayStation (usually $30)

Marvel’s Guardians of the Galaxy is $30 at Target and Best Buy, or $27 at Amazon (originally $60)

Final Fantasy VII Remake Intergrade is $45 at Best Buy, or digital via PlayStation for $47 (usually $70)

Demon’s Souls is $40 at GameStop, Target, and Best Buy, or digital via PlayStation (originally $70)

Deathloop is $25 at GameStop and $30 at Best Buy, or digital via PlayStation (usually $60)

Marvel’s Spider-Man: Miles Morales Ultimate Edition that includes a remastered version of 2017’s Marvel’s Spider-Man is $50 at Best Buy or digital via PlayStation (originally $70)

Ghost of Tsushima Director’s Cut is $50 at Best Buy and Target (originally $70)

Resident Evil Village is $30 at GameStop (originally $50)

Ratchet & Clank: Rift Apart is $50 at Amazon and Best Buy, or digital via PlayStation (originally $70)

Mass Effect Legendary Edition is $25 at GameStop and Walmart (usually $60)

Far Cry 6 is $35 at Amazon (originally $60)

Returnal is $50 at Best Buy and Target, or digital via PlayStation (originally $70)

Death Stranding Director’s Cut is $40 at Best Buy (down from $50)
Samsung’s 980 Pro 1TB M.2 SSD that’s certified for use in the PS5 is down to $170 at Amazon — the lowest price yet. Make sure to snag a heatsink, though, or else it could very well overheat in your console.


















PlayStation Plus digital subscription (annual)




                $40
              

                $60
              

                  34% off
                





A membership to PlayStation Plus allows PlayStation 4 and PS5 owners to play games online, download free titles every month, and take advantage of discounts on the PS Store.







              $40
              

at Best Buy
            





              $40
              

at Amazon
            
















Illustration by Alex Castro / The Verge


Xbox Series S and Series X deals
Compared to PlayStation 4 and 5, Microsoft’s Xbox consoles have fewer first-party exclusives. But there’s a hidden trick up the Xbox’s sleeve: all of those first-party games that you might normally pay $60 or $70 for are tucked behind a monthly subscription Game Pass Ultimate (of course, you can still pay full price for games if you want). There are still great deals below, but check out Game Pass for the full scope of what’s available for your Xbox.


Marvel’s Guardians of the Galaxy is $30 at Best Buy or $27 at Amazon (originally $60)

Call of Duty: Vanguard is $39 at GameStop (usually $70)

Far Cry 6 is $35 at Amazon (usually $60)

Riders Republic is $30 at Target or $25 at Amazon (originally $60)

Mass Effect Legendary Edition is $28 at Best Buy or Amazon (usually $60)

Lost Judgment is $30 at Amazon (originally $50)

Life is Strange: True Colors is $35 at Amazon (originally $60)
Razer’s Wolverine V2 wired Xbox/PC controller with customizable triggers and macro buttons is $70 at Verizon, down from $100 everywhere else.


















Xbox Game Pass Ultimate (three-month subscription)




                $25
              

                $45
              

                  45% off
                





What good is an Xbox without games? The Xbox Game Pass Ultimate offers more than 100 titles, including the likes of Doom, Hades, and the soon-to-be-released Halo Infinite, which you can play on multiple devices. 







              $25
              

at Target
            
















Photo by Tom Warren / The Verge


PC deals
Deals on PC games, so far, haven’t been as good as we’ve seen for console games. We’re keeping an eye out for more deals, though, and you should expect more to drop throughout the week. 


Razer’s DeathAdder V2 Pro wireless gaming mouse is just $66 for My Best Buy members. This mouse originally sold for $130, and it’s among the most comfortable options available.
If your motherboard supports PCIe 4.0 connectivity, Samsung’s 1TB 980 Pro M.2 SSD is cheaper than ever at Amazon, costing $170. It will work in PCIe 3.0 mobos, but you won’t get all of what you’re paying for.
Until December 1st, New World (Amazon Games’ new MMO) is $30 at Amazon and Steam.

Marvel’s Guardians of the Galaxy has dropped in price by 35 percent on Steam, costing $39.

Steam’s Autumn Sale is happening now through December 1st at 1PM ET. There are too many deals to count, but now’s a good time to shop if you need some games for your PC.

Hunt: Showdown is $19.99 (usually $39.99)

Outer Wilds is $14.99 (usually $24.99)

Cyberpunk 2077 on PC (inarguably the most polished version) is $29.99 (usually $60)

Half-Life: Alyx for VR (a must-play that can even work with an Oculus Quest 2 when you follow these steps) is $29.99 (usually $60)
There are plenty of other deals happening on Steam PC games at reputable sites like Fanatical and Green Man Gaming.












Photo by Amelia Holowaty Krales / The Verge


VR deals
Several retailers are including $50 gift cards with the 128GB Oculus Quest 2, which is still selling at its regular $300 price. This includes Best Buy, Newegg, Amazon (with offer code OCULUS50 at checkout), Costco, Target, and Oculus itself. Walmart is offering a similar deal, though, in lieu of a gift card, it’s including the zip-up case as a complementary goodie for the same $300 price.
This gift card promo happening at several retailers extends to the $400 headset that doubles the storage to 256GB, which includes a $50 gift card as well. Just note that you’ll earn a gift card to the retailer where you purchased the Oculus Quest 2 unless you buy it from Oculus directly. In that case, you’ll get $50 of credit to use on games purchased digitally through the Oculus Store.

For HTC Vive owners, the Deluxe Audio Strap accessory is discounted $30 at Amazon. That knocks the price down to $69, its all-time low. The strap has adjustable built-in earphones for 360-degree sound.








        Sign up for the
        
          newsletter
        
      
      Verge Deals
    
Subscribe to get the best Verge-approved tech deals of the week.






Just one more thing!
Please confirm your subscription to Verge Deals via the verification email we just sent you.




Email (required)






        By signing up, you agree to our Privacy Notice and European users agree to the data transfer policy.
        
      
Subscribe






Ironically, if you’re looking for Apple discounts ahead of Cyber Monday, you won’t find them at Apple, even if the retailer is bundling Apple gift cards with almost all of its latest products. Don’t fear, however, as there are plenty of reliable third-party retailers like Amazon, B&H Photo, and Best Buy that do. 
Many of these retailers started discounting some of the most popular Apple products ahead of Cyber Monday, dropping prices on everything from the latest MacBook Pro to the Apple Watch Series 7.  Below, we’ve rounded up the best deals we’ve found by category, and we’ll continue to update this piece as more deals are published.
Also, if you’re looking to save even more, make sure to check out our detailed guide to the best Cyber Monday deals happening now, where we’re highlighting the best deals you can get across all products, brands, and retailers.


    Related
  
The best early Cyber Monday deals happening now

AirPods deals

















AirPods (third-gen)




                $150
              

                $179
              

                  17% off
                





Similar in appearance to their sleeker sibling, the AirPods Pro, the latest entry-level AirPods boast a new charging case and shorter stems. They’re also water resistant, unlike the 2019 model, and sport better battery life.







              $150
              

at Amazon
            























Apple AirPods Pro (with MagSafe charging case)




                  $170
                

                  $249
                

                    32% off
                  






We consider Apple’s AirPods Pro to be among the best wireless earbuds you can buy right now. Apple’s flagship earbuds improve on the regular AirPods with better sound quality, excellent active noise cancellation, and immersive spatial audio. Read our review.







               $170
             

            at Amazon
           





               $190
             

            at Best Buy
           























Apple’s AirPods Max




                  $429
                

                  $549
                

                    22% off
                  






As we noted in our review, Apple’s AirPods Max feature exemplary build quality, sound phenomenal, and keep up with the best at noise cancellation. 







               $429
             

            at Amazon (black)
           





               $479
             

            at Best Buy (all colors)
           






The third-gen AirPods were released just last month, and now you can buy them on sale for just $150 at Amazon. The extra $20 off is reflected at checkout. These newest base-model AirPods may not have noise-cancellation but their hard-plastic design should fit most ears while offering IPX4 water resistance, improved sound quality, and spatial audio. Read our review.
The popular AirPods Pro can be had for $170 at Amazon as opposed to its normal full price of $249 (saving you $90). Best Buy and Target also have it marked down but only to $190. The latest AirPods boast a MagSafe-ready charging case and shorter stems, as well as better battery life and water resistance. Read our review.

Apple’s second generation of true wireless earbuds, the AirPods, are selling for $100 $115 instead of $159 at Amazon. This particular model comes with a wired charging case, however, you can pick up a pair with the wireless charging case for $150 $100 instead of $200 from Walmart. Read our review.




    Related
  
Which AirPods model should you buy?

iPad deals


















Apple 12.9-inch iPad Pro (2021, 128GB)




                  $999
                

                  $1,099
                

                    10% off
                  






As a part of its Black Friday sales, Amazon is currently discounting up to $150 off of both the Wi-Fi and LTE configurations of the latest iPad Pro. The new models sport the company’s own M1 processor and Thunderbolt, however, the 12.9-inch model also touts the best display of any tablet available. 







               $999
             

            at Amazon (Wi-Fi)
           





               $1,200
             

            at Amazon (Wi-Fi + LTE)
           





MacBook deals

















MacBook Pro with M1 (13-inch, late 2020)




                $1,199
              

                $1,299
              

                  8% off
                





The 13-inch MacBook Pro 13 has the same M1 processor as the MacBook Air but includes a brighter screen, longer battery life, and a fan for better sustained performance. Read our review.







              $1,199
              

at B&H Photo (8GB, 256GB)
            





              $1,549
              

at B&H Photo (16GB, 512GB)
            





Last year’s M1-equipped MacBook Air is, in our opinion, the best laptop you can buy. Right now, you can buy the 512GB model with 16GB of RAM for $1,399 in gold or space gray at B&H Photo. Read our review.


Verge Deals on Twitter
    Join our over 40,000 followers, and keep up with our best daily tech deals with @vergedeals
  

Follow us!


Mac mini deals


















Mac mini (late 2020)




                  $629
                

                  $799
                

                    22% off
                  






Apple’s most affordable desktop computer is now powered by the custom M1 chip. The base model comes with 8GB of RAM and 256GB of storage but can be configured with up to 16GB RAM and 2TB of storage. Read our review.







               $629
             

            at B&H Photo (8GB RAM, 256GB)
           





iMac deals

Last year’s 27-inch iMac comes with an improved 1080p webcam, as well as a notable performance increase over its predecessor. Right now, you can pick it up for $1,450 instead of $1,799 when you choose the Core i5 model with 8GB RAM and a 256GB SSD. Read our review.

Apple Watch deals

















Apple Watch SE (40mm, GPS)




                $239
              

                $279
              

                  15% off
                





Apple’s midrange wearable, the Apple Watch SE, serves as a step up from the Series 3, with features and a design similar to more recent flagships.







              $239
              

at Amazon
            






















Apple Watch Series 7 




                $380
              

                $399
              

                  5% off
                





The latest Apple Watch comes in a number of styles with either GPS or LTE. As we noted in our review, it’s a great wearable. Unlike its predecessor, it has a bigger screen, multiple timers, and faster charging. Besides a few iterative changes, however, it’s not drastically different than the Series 6.







              $380
              

at Amazon (41mm, GPS)
            






















Apple Watch Series 6 (40mm, GPS, red)




                $349
              

                $399
              

                  13% off
                





Apple’s last-gen wearable features an always-on display and new sensors that provide the ability to monitor your blood oxygen levels. We gave it a 9 / 10 in our review last year, and while we liked the Apple Watch 7’s bigger screen, faster charging, and durability, we noted there wasn’t much of a reason to upgrade otherwise.







              $349
              

at Amazon
            





Apple TV 4K deals
You can get a $50 Apple gift card when you buy an Apple TV 4K and Apple TV HD directly from Apple.

















Apple TV 4K (2021)




                $179
              

                $0
              



The new Apple TV 4K comes with updated hardware, including support for Wi-Fi 6, built-in support for Thread, and features the A12 Bionic chipset. Read our review.








               Apple ($50 gift card)
            





Apple Pencil deals

















Apple Pencil (second-gen)




                $99
              

                $129
              

                  24% off
                





The second-gen Apple Pencil ditches the awkward Lightning port charging, adopting a magnetic mechanism that attaches to the side of the latest iPad Pro, iPad Air, and iPad Mini models. It can also recharge while magnetically attached and supports tap gestures.







              $99
              

at Amazon
            





The first-gen Apple Pencil is currently on sale at Amazon and Walmart for $80, its second-best price to date. The stylus is compatible with the latest entry-level iPad and a range of earlier models, and it differs from the second-gen model in that you need to plug it into your iPad’s Lightning port in order to charge.
Apple AirTag deals
Apple is throwing in a $25 gift card when you buy a four-pack of AirTags from them directly starting November 26th.

















AirTags (four-pack) + $25 Apple gift card




                $99
              

                $0
              



Apple’s AirTags are unobtrusive, waterproof, and tap into the massive Find My network for out-of-range locating. 







               Apple
            












        Sign up for the
        
          newsletter
        
      
      Verge Deals
    
Subscribe to get the best Verge-approved tech deals of the week.






Just one more thing!
Please confirm your subscription to Verge Deals via the verification email we just sent you.




Email (required)






        By signing up, you agree to our Privacy Notice and European users agree to the data transfer policy.
        
      
Subscribe






Confirming rumors first reported this morning by CNBC, Twitter co-founder and CEO Jack Dorsey announced his departure. The company confirmed that CTO Parag Agrawal would succeed him and take a seat on the board, effective immediately, while Bret Taylor is taking over as the board’s new chairman.
Dorsey returned to lead the company as CEO in 2015 despite being forced out of the post in 2008. He continues to serve as the CEO of Square and last night tweeted, “I love Twitter.”


    Related
  
To Twitter CEO and back again: a timeline of Jack Dorsey’s rise 

In the company’s official statement, Dorsey says, “I’ve decided to leave Twitter because I believe the company is ready to move on from its founders. My trust in Parag as Twitter’s CEO is deep. His work over the past 10 years has been transformational. I’m deeply grateful for his skill, heart, and soul. It’s his time to lead.” 
In a letter to employees, Dorsey told them he will serve out his term on the board of directors until “May-ish” when he will also leave that position, and explained his decision as follows:

Why not stay or become chair? I believe it’s really important to give Parag the space he needs to lead. And back to my previous point, I believe it’s critical a company can stand on its own, free of its founder’s influence or direction.
I want you all to know that this was my decision and I own it. It was a tough one for me, of course. I love this service and company...and all of you so much. I’m really sad...yet really happy. There aren’t many companies that get to this level. And there aren’t many founders that choose their company over their own ego. I know we’ll prove this was the right move.

 









Twitter CEO Parag Agrawal
Image: Twitter



New CEO Parag Agrawal joined the company in 2011 as an ads engineer, eventually taking the title of CTO in 2018. At that time, the company said, “In his capacity as CTO, he’s focused on scaling a cohesive machine learning and AI approach across our consumer and revenue product and infrastructure teams.” In an interview last year with The Atlantic CEO Nicholas Thompson that was posted to LinkedIn, he explained how Twitter uses a number of agents as well as machine learning to “proactively identify potentially bad tweets” it prioritizes for review.
While Dorsey is well known for his interests in blockchain technology, cryptocurrency, and decentralization, Agrawal is also interested in “web3,” and he has been a leading figure in the Twitter-funded Bluesky effort to create an “open and decentralized standard for social media.”


    Related
  
Twitter’s decentralized social network project takes a baby step forward
Twitter’s decentralized social network project finally has a leader 
Twitter is launching a dedicated crypto team, part of its push toward decentralization 
Twitter makes big changes for devs as it eyes decentralized future

In his own note to employees ahead of an all-hands meeting tomorrow, Agrawal says, “I joined this company 10 years ago when there were fewer than 1,000 employees. While it was a decade ago, those days feel like yesterday to me. I’ve walked in your shoes, I’ve seen the ups and downs, the challenges and obstacles, the wins and the mistakes. But then and now, above all else, I see Twitter’s incredible impact, our continued progress, and the exciting opportunities ahead of us.”


Deep gratitude for @jack and our entire team, and so much excitement for the future. Here’s the note I sent to the company. Thank you all for your trust and support   https://t.co/eNatG1dqH6 pic.twitter.com/liJmTbpYs1— Parag Agrawal (@paraga) November 29, 2021



Update November 29th, 12:40PM ET: Added picture of Parag Agrawal and additional information on Twitter’s use of machine learning and development of decentralized social network technology.

Several retailers started early with Black Friday and Cyber Monday deals in advance of the hectic, no-holds-barred weekend that kicks off right after Thanksgiving. Best Buy is one of a few — aside from Amazon, Walmart, and Target — that got things started particularly early this year. If you’ve been paying attention to our Black Friday / Cyber Monday coverage, you’ve likely noticed dozens of deals peppered in, but that’s just a sampling. There’s more where that came from.
Before we get into it, we’ve included some resources below that should make your Cyber Monday shopping experience a little better. And to make things more fun, you can also enter our sweepstakes for a chance to win a mystery bag filled with stuff from The Verge’s tech closet.


    Related
  
The Verge’s Guide to Cyber Monday 2021
The best Cyber Monday deals happening now

Headphones and earbuds
You currently can’t throw a stone at Best Buy’s online storefront without finding a deal on headphones or true wireless earbuds. There seems to be a near-endless array of options, but here are a bunch of selected ones for you to consider.

















Sony WH-1000XM4




                $248
              

                $350
              

                  30% off
                





These over-ear headphones are some of the best noise-canceling headphones you can buy right now. They can last up to 30 hours on a single charge and provide a comfortable listening experience with plush ear pads. Read our full review.







              $248
              

at Best Buy
            





              $248
              

at Amazon
            






















Apple AirPods Pro (with MagSafe charging case)




                $190
              

                $249
              

                  24% off
                





Apple’s flagship earbuds improve on the regular AirPods with better sound quality, excellent active noise cancellation, and immersive spatial audio. Read our full review.







              $190
              

at Best Buy
            






If you prefer earbuds, the Sony WF-1000XM4 — which have the best noise cancellation of any true wireless earbuds — are selling for $248 instead of $280. The true wireless earbuds feature a smaller design and IPX4 sweat and water resistance, along with a case that supports wireless charging. Read our full review.
Best Buy is taking $50 off a pair of Bose’s QuietComfort 45 headphones, selling them for $279 instead of $329. As we discovered in our review, these headphones update the company’s popular, comfortable design with USB-C, improved noise cancellation, and longer battery life.
You can save nearly $80 when you pick up the Bose QuietComfort Earbuds for $200 instead of their typical $279. We found these earbuds boast dynamic, rich sound and the best noise cancellation available in a pair of true wireless earbuds. Read our full review.
As we noted in our review, Samsung’s Galaxy Buds Pro boasts the best sound quality the company has achieved yet in a pair of earbuds, and right now you can buy them for $150 instead of $200.
They may not be the newest pair, but Jabra’s Elite 75t still offer bass-heavy sound, reliable performance, and can simultaneously connect to two devices. Right now, you can buy a pair of what we once called the best AirPods alternative for $80 instead of $150.
If you don’t mind a wired charging case, Apple’s second generation of true wireless earbuds, the AirPods, are selling for $120 instead of $160. Read our full review.

Regularly $250, these well-reviewed Beats Powerbeats Pro are now going for $150, saving you $100. These IPX4 sweat- and water-resistant earbuds feature Apple’s H1 chip for easy pairing, and provide up to nine hours of continuous battery life, with 24 hours provided by the case. 
The Beats Studio 3 typically retail for $350, but today you can pick them up for $170. The wireless, over-ear headphones come equipped with Apple’s W1 wireless chip, so you can quickly connect and switch between any Apple devices you might own. Read our full review.

The Beats Studio Pro earbuds are down to their lowest price yet at Best Buy. Normally $149.99, this new model from Beats that recharges via USB-C and works well on Android (in addition to iOS) is $100. Read our review.


Phones and tablets
Much of the special phone pricing is tied up with carrier deals, which typically involve activating new lines, upgrading existing ones, or trading in old devices. They often involve you paying more every month, even if the hardware is being discounted. Here are some deals on phones and tablets that are just outright good deals for an out-the-door price.

The entry-level OnePlus Nord N200 5G is just $200. Read our full review.
The OnePlus 9 is down to $600, outpacing many midrange phones for nearly the same price. Read our full review.
The premium flagship OnePlus 9 Pro got a $170 discount, bringing the price down to $900. Read our full review.


















OnePlus Nord N200 5G




                $200
              

                $240
              

                  17% off
                





The OnePlus Nord N200 offers a 6.49-inch Full-HD display with 90Hz refresh rate and a large 5,000mAh battery with fast charging for very low, entry-level prices.







              $200
              

at Best Buy
            





              $200
              

at Amazon
            





The Kindle Paperwhite (8GB model) is currently $104.99, $35 off its original price of $139.99, at your local store. This is the ad-supported model — for an ad-free experience, you’re better off going with the Kindle Paperwhite Kids, which is currently $114.99 ($45 down from $159.99). 


Verge Deals on Twitter
    Join our over 40,000 followers, and keep up with our best daily tech deals with @vergedeals
  

Follow us!


Gaming
Video games are often a matter of personal taste, but here are some especially good deals on longstanding titles and early discounts on newer releases. 

















PlayStation Plus digital subscription (annual)




                $40
              

                $60
              

                  34% off
                





A membership to PlayStation Plus allows PlayStation 4 and PS5 owners to play games online, download free titles every month, and take advantage of discounts on the PS Store.







              $40
              

at Best Buy
            





              $40
              

at Amazon
            







Mass Effect: Legendary Edition, the remastered collection of all three original Mass Effect games, is just $28 for the PS4/PS5 and Xbox One/Series X.

Final Fantasy VII Remake Intergrade is just $45 for the PS5, and includes the extra Yuffie DLC episode. 


















Final Fantasy VII Remake Intergrade (PS5)




                $45
              

                $70
              

                  36% off
                





Square Enix pushed a big update to Final Fantasy VII Remake for PS5 owners in 2021, bringing faster loading speeds, better graphics, as well as a new episode focused on Yuffie.







              $45
              

at Best Buy
            







Final Fantasy VII Remake for the PS4 is only $25, and if you decide to upgrade it to the PS5 version later and buy the DLC for $20, you end up paying the same price as Intergrade. Read our full review.
The endearing two-player co-op title, It Takes Two, is half-off (just $20) for both the PS4/PS5 and Xbox One/Series X. Remember, it literally takes two in this game — there is no single-player mode.

Psychonauts 2 is available on Xbox Game Pass. If you’re not a subscriber to Microsoft’s service, however, you can purchase a digital copy of it for just $30, a cool $30 off the original list price.

4K TVs
People love a high-quality TV, but something big and cheap can also be enticing. With that being said, here are some of the best 4K TV deals to consider at Best Buy.

















Sony Bravia XR (65-inch, Model X90J)




                $1,200
              

                $1,500
              

                  20% off
                





Sony’s 65-inch X90J features full-array backlighting for a more cinematic viewing experience, and it supports HDR10, HLG, and Dolby Vision HDR. It comes with Google TV software, too, and features a 120Hz refresh rate display.







              $1,200
              

at Best Buy
            







Samsung’s 65-inch, Tizen-based 8000-series LED TV is $100 off, dropping the price down to just $700.
The LG NanoCell 75 Series 4K TV has dropped to $750, taking $450 off the regular price. This matches the lowest price we’ve seen for this model.
Get a steep discount on LG’s latest-generation CX 77-inch OLED TV, which is selling for $2,900.

Smart speakers and displays
Google smart displays and speakers with the Google Assistant are up to 50 percent off right now. This includes the Google Nest Hub, now available for just $50 (normally $100), and the Nest Audio, on sale for $60 ($40 off). Read our full reviews of the Nest Hub and Nest Audio.

















Google Nest Hub (second-gen, 2021)




                $50
              

                $100
              

                  50% off
                





The second-gen Nest Hub is Google’s smallest smart display, with a 7-inch touchscreen that can automatically adjust itself to the lighting in your room. What’s new in the latest version is its ability to automatically track your sleep patterns with its Soli radar chip.







              $50
              

at Best Buy
            






On the Amazon side of smart home tech, the second-gen Echo Show 5 is currently just $45, $40 off its typical list price. Read our full review.
The Facebook Portal is the perfect smart display for video chatting with loved ones who can’t be with this holiday, and it’s just $80 at Best Buy. That is a substantial $100 discount, one that applies to both the black and white models. Read our full review.



















Facebook Portal




                $80
              

                $179
              

                  56% off
                





Facebook’s 2019 Portal has a sleeker design than its predecessor and allows you to place video calls via Facebook Messenger or WhatsApp. It also features a 10-inch touchscreen display with 1280 x 800 resolution. 







              $80
              

at Best Buy
            





Smartwatches and wearables

The new Fitbit Charge 5 is $50 off, matching the fitness tracker’s all-time low of $130. Read our full review.

The 40mm, GPS-equipped variant of the Apple Watch SE is on sale for its lowest price to date ($219). Best Buy is also offering the Series 3 for less, but we strongly advise spending a bit more and avoiding the aging smartwatch. Read our full Apple Watch SE review.

In addition to the Samsung Galaxy Watch 4 — which is on sale in the 40mm, GPS variant for as low as 250 ($50 off) — Best Buy is discounting its more premium sibling, the Galaxy Watch 4 Classic, starting at $300 (also $50 off). Read our full review.


















Samsung Galaxy Watch 4 (40mm, GPS)




                $200
              

                $250
              

                  20% off
                





The Galaxy Watch 4 features a snappy interface and more third-party support by way of Google’s Wear OS 3. But keep in mind that it’s paired best with a Samsung-made phone.







              $200
              

at Best Buy
            






















Samsung Galaxy Watch 4 Classic (GPS, 42mm)




                $300
              

                $350
              

                  15% off
                





The Samsung Galaxy Watch 4 Classic pairs health tracking smarts with conventional watch looks and design. It features Samsung’s unique rotating bezel for physical control of on-screen scrolling.







              $300
              

at Best Buy
            





Smart home


Nanoleaf Smarter Kits are up to 15 percent off. You can pick from hexagons, triangles, and the wood-like Nanoleaf Elements, which is an exceptional value at $70 off.
Eero’s mesh routers and bundles with remote access nodes are up to 40 percent off. Read our full Eero Pro 6 review.

Google’s Nest WiFi Router and one point are down to $179 ($90 off). That’s a great value for a mesh system, especially given the point doubles as a smart speaker. Read our full review.
Smart home security devices from Google, such as the new exterior Nest Cam with a floodlight ($50 off), are up to 35 percent off. You can also pick up the battery-powered Nest Video Doorbell for $50 off at a local store.

Arlo’s wired video doorbell is almost half price at $80 (down from $150). This is a great price on an excellent buzzer with a 1:1 ratio and a 180-degree viewing angle, so you can see visitors from head-to-toe while also seeing packages on the ground.
The August Wi-Fi Smart Lock (fourth-gen) is $50 off, selling for $180 (down from $229). This easy-to-install smart lock works with Apple’s HomeKit, Amazon Alexa, and Google Assistant. In our review, we praised its smaller size, improved motor, and premium feel.

A three-pack of Bluetooth Philips Hue white and color smart bulbs is $100 ($35 off). 


















Philips Hue White and Color Smart Bulbs (three-pack) 




                $100
              

                $135
              

                  26% off
                





These bulbs provide smart lighting in multiple colors, with Bluetooth support enabling instant light control. 








              $100
              

at Best Buy
            





Cameras
System cameras for photo and video offer a lot of creative control and flexibility compared to a smartphone, and here are some worthwhile deals for those who want to go a step above.

The Sony A7III with 28-70mm kit lens is $200 off, making the combo an even $2,000. The newer A7IV is on its way next month, but it will be a higher price for the body only. Read our full review.
Sony’s ZV-1, a vlogger-designed point and shoot, is $650 ($100 off). Read our full review.
If your camera doesn’t need the latest and fastest SD cards, you can stock up on Sandisk’s 128GB Extreme Plus UHS-I cards for just $20 each ($48 off).
The top marks for camera deals from Best Buy right now go to the GoPro Hero10 Black. The excellent action cam is $50 off right now, and comes with a $50 Best Buy gift card to use on your next purchase. Read our full review.


















GoPro Hero10 Black (with a $50 Best Buy gift card)




                $450
              

                $500
              

                  10% off
                





The GoPro Hero10 Black offers a new processor that makes it possible to shoot in 4K resolution at 120 frames per second.







              $450
              

at Best Buy
            












        Sign up for the
        
          newsletter
        
      
      Verge Deals
    
Subscribe to get the best Verge-approved tech deals of the week.






Just one more thing!
Please confirm your subscription to Verge Deals via the verification email we just sent you.




Email (required)






        By signing up, you agree to our Privacy Notice and European users agree to the data transfer policy.
        
      
Subscribe






4K TVs of all sizes and specs see price cuts several times throughout the year, but the time when we usually see the highest concentration of stellar deals is right now, as Cyber Monday is finally here. You’ve ended up in the right place if you’re looking for a TV deal, and yes, that includes people interested in a TV that has every bell or whistle, with the highest contrast ratio and the right features to eke all of the visual splendor from PCs and the latest gaming consoles or something that’s quite the opposite. We’ll be highlighting affordable TVs, too.
Our team at The Verge is hard at work on compiling the best Cyber Monday deals, running the gamut of retailers participating, as well as breaking it down on a category level. If you don’t know what you want but you’re itching to see the deals, head to our roundup of the best Cyber Monday happening now for a more general overview of the internet’s best offers. Otherwise, head to our big Cyber Monday landing page and choose your jumping-off point.


    Related
  
The Cyber Monday streaming deals for Hulu, YouTube TV, and more
The best Cyber Monday deals happening now

Samsung TV deals


Samsung 55-inch Q60A QLED TV is $700 at Best Buy, down from $800. This model is also available at Amazon for the same price.

Samsung’s 65-inch Q80A QLED TV with full-array local dimming is $1,200 at Best Buy, down from $1,400.

Samsung’s 70-inch TU6985 LED TV that’s all about size and cost-effectiveness is $600 at Best Buy, down from $750.
Samsung’s The Frame, a unique kind of TV that functions both as wall art and an HDR-compatible QLED, is discounted at Amazon and Best Buy. You can buy the 65-inch model for $1,498 instead of $2,000, or the 55-inch for $998 instead of $1,500. Best Buy is matching this deal as well, and including 30 days of FuboTV Pro as well as the option to save $90 on Facebook Portal TV. 


















Samsung The Frame TV (55-inch)




                $1,398
              

                $1,500
              

                  7% off
                





Samsung’s The Frame is a smart, 4K TV designed to directly blend in with your home’s decor. The QLED panel can seamlessly switch from displaying whatever content it is you’re watching to idle scenes of decorative art. The Frame also boasts HDR, a 120Hz refresh rate, and a motion sensor to ensure someone is there to see its ambient Art Mode.







              $1,398
              

at Amazon
            





              $1,400
              

at Best Buy
            





Sony deals
The 65-inch Bravia XR X90J with full-array local dimming for better contrast costs $1,200 at Best Buy, down from $1,500. If all you need is a 50-inch TV, this same model is available in that size for $900 from Best Buy and Amazon.
If you want an OLED, Sony’s Bravia XR A80J with a 65-inch OLED panel costs $1,800 instead of its original $2,300 cost at Best Buy and at Amazon. 

















Sony Bravia XR A80J 65-inch OLED TV 




                $1,800
              

                $2,300
              

                  22% off
                





Sony’s OLED TV supports HDR10, HLG, Dolby Vision, and now HDMI 2.1. With supported refresh rates of 120Hz and VRR, they’re equipped for gaming, as well as movies and streaming.







              $1,800
              

at Best Buy
            





A much smaller OLED from Sony is discounted at Best Buy. The 48-inch Bravia A9S is available for $1,200, down $300.
LG deals

The best LG OLED for most people, the C1 series, is discounted in all sizes. The 65-inch model drops to $1,799.99 ($300 off), the 55-inch falls to $1,299.99, and the 48-inch size is only $1,099.99.
The most affordable OLED TV from LG is its A1, which is now available in its 48-inch size for just $900 (usually $1,200). This model has a 60Hz refresh rate, and it lacks HDMI 2.1 ports, unlike LG’s pricier 2021 OLED TVs, but it can still deliver stellar picture quality.


















LG A1 OLED (48-inch)




                $897
              

                $1,200
              

                  26% off
                





LG’s entry-level OLED TV, the A1, has an auto low-latency mode and offers support for both Alexa and Google Assistant. Unlike pricier OLEDs, however, it lacks a fast refresh rate.







              $897
              

at Amazon
            





              $900
              

at Best Buy
            






If you don’t want to compromise on any features, LG’s C1 OLED might be the right fit for you. The 48-inch model is $1,100 at Best Buy and Amazon, down $200 from its usual price. 
For something that’s far less costly, LG’s 50-inch NanoCell 75 series model costs just $500 at Best Buy and Amazon. It’s a small $70 discount from what it previously sold for. Usually, jumping up to a massive 70-inch TV is an egregious jump in price, but this model is available in its 70-inch size for just $750 at Best Buy.
LG also makes a NanoCell 90 series TV that has full-array dimming zones for improved fidelity in low-lit or high contrast scenes. You can get a 55-inch version for $900 at Best Buy, down from its original $1,100 price. 

Insignia deals
Insignia’s televisions cost significantly less than any of the brands above. While they likely can’t win in a head-to-head competition for panel and backlighting quality against many other LED TVs, at least they compete in terms of functionality. Each of them has Amazon’s Fire TV software built-in, so you don’t need to buy extra streaming hardware (most models come with some form of this feature, whether it’s Android TV, Google TV, Roku, etc.). 


Insignia’s 55-inch F30 LED TV costs just $300 at Best Buy and Amazon, well below its original $550 price.
For a step up in visual quality (particularly its contrast) thanks to quantum dot technology, the Insignia F50 55-inch TV costs $400 at Best Buy and Amazon. This model usually costs $650 outside of a sale.


















Insignia F50 55-inch 4K TV




                $400
              

                $650
              

                  39% off
                





This 55-inch QLED TV from Insignia features 4K resolution and a 60Hz refresh rate. This model uses the Fire TV OS, which gives it access to an impressive library of apps, as well as native built-in Alexa voice controls.







              $400
              

at Best Buy
            





              $400
              

at Amazon
            





Insignia makes several sizes of each of its TVs, and you’re guaranteed to find a low price on all of them, so pick the one that works best for you.
Vizio deals
Vizio’s mid-range M7 QLED 4K TV with a 50-inch screen starts at the low price of $500 (usually $700) at Best Buy. This model has a 60Hz refresh rate, but its full-array local dimming is an impressive feature at this price point. If you want a bigger version of the M7, the 70-inch model is just $750 (usually $1,100) at Best Buy.

















Vizio 50-inch M7 4K TV




                $500
              

                $700
              

                  29% off
                





Vizio’s M7 is a 50-inch 4K TV with a QLED panel for better color and contrast accuracy. It features four HDMI 2.0 ports, each of which support variable refresh rates up to 60Hz at 4K resolution. 







              $500
              

at Best Buy
            





The best TV that Vizio makes that isn’t an OLED is its P-series Quantum. You can get the 65-inch PQ9 for $1,000 ($300 off) at Best Buy.
Now, for Vizio’s debut OLED (a Best Buy-exclusive model), the discounts actually aren’t great so far. The 55-inch model is $1,000 ($300 off), while the 65-inch version is $1,500 ($300 off). These aren’t the best-ever prices; they’re off by a couple hundred dollars, actually. Feature-wise, they’re competitive with LG’s C1, though some people report that this model’s software is one of its weakest attributes. If you can look past some of those issues, though, it might be worth the investment.
TCL deals
TCL’s TVs are known best for their Roku integration, but the company more recently started to produce models that run on Android TV or Google TV. It’s a vastly different interface from Roku’s, and it’ll ship with a different kind of remote control, but many of the same features are there. 
But that’s not all the decision comes down to. Sometimes, specs will be different, making one model better than the other. The way that TCL names its TVs indicates its quality, more or less. Its 6-series is among the best (and most costly) it offers, while anything lower than that will be a slight step down in features and specs.


TCL’s 55-inch 4-series TV with Android TV software costs $380 $330 $380 at Best Buy, down from $450. If you want that exact TV in the Roku flavor, it’s $20 cheaper at Best Buy, costing $360.
Stepping up in quality, TCL’s 5-series 4K TV with Roku software and a 50-inch QLED panel costs $450 at Best Buy (down from $600). TCL makes an identical version with Google TV software for the same $450 price.

Finally, TCL’s high-end 6-series TV is seeing some great discounts, too. The 55-inch model with Roku software, Mini LED backlighting, and a QLED panel costs $700 instead of $950 at Best Buy. 

















TCL 6-Series QLED TV (65-inch)




                $898
              

                $1,500
              

                  41% off
                





Though it can’t reach 120Hz in 4K, the TCL 6-Series has tremendous picture quality that punches well above its price. It also supports VRR, ALLM, and other next-gen console specialties.







              $898
              

at Amazon
            





You can get the 65-inch model of the 6-series with Roku software for $898, down from $1,500 at Amazon. For an even bigger 75-inch version of the 6-series TV, but with Google TV software, Best Buy has you set for $1,300 ($1,000 off its original price).
Fire TV Deals

















Amazon Omni Fire TV 




                $420
              

                $560
              

                  26% off
                





Amazon’s new Omni Fire 4K TV features built-in microphones for Alexa commands, low input lag, and support for two-way video calling. It also provides access to Netflix, Prime Video, Disney Plus, and most major streaming services.








              $420
              

at Best Buy (55-inch)
            





              $420
              

at Amazon (55-inch)
            





The new Omni Fire 4K TV is Amazon’s first TV and already we’re seeing some great discounts on it. Right now, you can buy a 50-inch for $360 instead of $510, while the 55-inch is also on sale. The TV offers perks like the ability to query Alexa even when the TV is off, as well as a low input lag gamers will appreciate. While we believe the TV shows great promise, however, note that TCL and other similarly priced television makers offer better picture quality. Read our review.







        Sign up for the
        
          newsletter
        
      
      Verge Deals
    
Subscribe to get the best Verge-approved tech deals of the week.






Just one more thing!
Please confirm your subscription to Verge Deals via the verification email we just sent you.




Email (required)






        By signing up, you agree to our Privacy Notice and European users agree to the data transfer policy.
        
      
Subscribe






Cameras and lenses can be a tricky thing to shop for around Cyber Monday. They are no small investment, though if you’re shopping for that lucky someone — or for yourself — there are some deals to be had that can save you a lot of money.
We have vetted and rounded up the most notable deals from the major camera manufacturers, focusing on the latest mirrorless systems. It’s hard to justify spending big money on a new DSLR in 2021, as it may be better to look to the secondhand market for those older systems. Another hard truth is that some camera manufacturers have been plagued by the chip shortages on the latest models, and the deals on tap show that — many of the deeper discounts are on slightly older cameras, and some newer releases have no discounts at all.


    Related
  
The best Cyber Monday deals happening now
The Verge’s 2021 holiday gift guide for creators



Highlights across the brands for Cyber Monday camera deals



Brand
Model
Regular price
Sale price
Discount
Retailers
 
 
 




Brand
Model
Regular price
Sale price
Discount
Retailers
 
 
 




Canon
EOS R body
$1,799
$1,599
12% off
Amazon
B&H Photo
Adorama
Best Buy


Sony
A7R IVA body
$3,498
$2,998
14% off
Amazon
B&H Photo
Adorama
Best Buy


Nikon
Z5 body
$1,400
$997
29% off
Amazon
B&H Photo
Adorama
Best Buy


Fujifilm
X-T4 body
$1,699
$1,499
12% off


Adorama



Panasonic Lumix
S5 body
$1,998
$1,698
16% off
Amazon
B&H Photo
Adorama
Best Buy


GoPro
Hero10
$500
$450
10% off
Amazon
B&H Photo
Adorama
Best Buy


Olympus
OM-D E-M1X body
$2,999
$1,699
44% off
Amazon
B&H Photo
Adorama






Canon
Canon’s latest full-frame EOS R5 is hard to get, and its new R3 has still not hit the market yet. The best Black Friday deals from the market leader are on its older full-frame EOS R and RP cameras. They are still fine options in 2021, especially with a $200 discount across multiple models and configurations, though the R3, R5, and R6 have stolen all the buzz in the Canon world since they cater to more advanced enthusiasts and pros.
The EOS R was the first full-frame mirrorless camera from Canon. It has a 30-megapixel sensor and has received big improvements to its eye-tracking autofocus through firmware, as Canon has released more native RF-mount lenses over the last three years since its release. You can get the body only for $1,599 ($200 off) at Amazon, B&H Photo, Adorama, or Best Buy. It’s also available as a kit with the RF 24-105mm f/4-7.1 IS STM lens for $1,899 ($200 off) at Amazon, Adorama, B&H Photo, and Best Buy or with the RF 24-105mm f/4L lens for $2,699 ($200 off) at Amazon, Adorama, and Best Buy. Read our review.

















Canon EOS R




                $1,599
              

                $1,799
              

                  12% off
                





The Canon EOS R features a 30-megapixel full-frame sensor, DSLR-like ergonomics in a compact body, and a fold-out LCD that is ideal for video recording.







              $1,599
              

at Amazon (body)
            





              $1,899
              

at Amazon (24-105mm kit)
            






Canon’s EOS RP is the lower-cost sibling to the EOS R. For the body only, it currently costs $899 (a savings of $100) at B&H Photo, Adorama, and Best Buy. It’s also available as a kit with the RF 24-105mm f/4-7.1 IS STM lens for $1,199 ($100 off) at Amazon, B&H Photo, Adorama, and Best Buy.
The smaller APS-C sensor-equipped EOS M50 Mark II Content Creator Kit comes with the camera, EF-M 15-45mm f/3.5-6.3 IS STM lens, tripod grip, and external mic for just $799 ($100 off) at  Adorama, B&H Photo and Best Buy. It’s backordered now at Adorama and B&H but you can still get an order in at the discounted price to ship later.
Canon’s ultra-portable EOS M200 Content Creator Kit comes with the same 15-45mm lens and tripod grip for just $499 ($150 off) at B&H Photo. 
Only some Canon RF and EF-M lenses are on discount, though some notables include $100 off the RF 35mm f/1.8 IS Macro STM and $50 off the EF-M 22mm f/2 STM lens.

Sony
Sony has been taking the mirrorless world by storm thanks to its relentless pace of technological improvements and frequent model revisions. Though its big-league A1 camera has also seen more than its fair share of shipment delays, and it’s possible the hotly anticipated A7IV might share a similar fate. For now, there are some solid Cyber Monday deals to peruse on items that are readily available.
The Sony A7R IVA has enough resolution to be a dedicated landscape and studio camera, but its fast autofocus and burst shooting allow it to work in just about any demanding scenarios. Normally $3,498 for the body only, you can now pick it up on a Cyber Monday deal for $2,998 ($500 off) at Amazon, B&H Photo, Adorama, or Best Buy. Adorama is even including one of its house-brand hot shoe flashes (equivalent to Godox) at the same price.

















Sony A7R IVA




                $2,998
              

                $3,498
              

                  15% off
                





The A7R IVA combines a super-high resolution full-frame sensor of 61 megapixels with a 567-point phase-detection autofocus system and 10-frames-per-second burst shooting. The A-moniker is a slightly revised model of the A7R IV that has a higher resolution rear LCD (2.36 million dots).








              $2,998
              

at B&H Photo
            





              $2,998
              

at Amazon
            






The longstanding jack-of-all-trades Sony A7 III body is $1,798 ($200 off) at Amazon, B&H Photo, Adorama, and Best Buy. For a kit option, you can get the A7 III with a Sony FE 28-70mm f/3.5-5.6 OSS lens for $1,998 ($200 off) at Amazon, B&H Photo, Adorama, and Best Buy. The Sony A7 IV is due out before the end of the year, but it will be coming in at a much higher price point. Read our review of the A7 III.
Sony E-mount and full-frame FE lenses are discounted as much as 22 percent off, including some top-flight optics like the FE 24mm f/1.4 GM ($100 off). 
The vlogging-focused ZV-1 compact camera is $100 off at Amazon, B&H Photo, Adorama, and Best Buy for an affordable price of $648. You can opt for it in a vlogger kit, complete with a tripod Bluetooth grip and 64GB SD card for about $746 ($150 off) at Amazon, Adorama, and Best Buy. Read our review.
The latest model of the popular Sony RX100 line — the RX100VII, complete with its excellent image quality and one-inch sensor — is on sale for $1,198 (a savings of $100) at Amazon, B&H Photo, Adorama, and Best Buy. Sony RX100 cameras are beloved for their balance of image quality and compact form factor. Read our review.


















Sony RX100 Mark VII




                $1,198
              

                $1,298
              

                  8% off
                





The Sony RX100 Mark VII features a one-inch sensor and a 24-200mm equivalent zoom lens. It also features a pop-up electronic viewfinder and 4K video recording.







              $1,198
              

at Amazon
            






The older Sony RX100VA is still sought-after for its f/1.8 maximum-aperture lens, though its 24-70mm equivalent zoom does not reach as far as the newer models. You can pick up the oldie-but-still-goodie for $848 ($150 off) at Amazon, B&H Photo, Adorama, or Best Buy.
There’s a discount on Samyang’s 85mm f/1.4 lens for Sony full-frame mirrorless cameras. It’s  $509 at Amazon, and that’s not bad for a dedicated portrait lens. It may not stack up to Sony’s G Master 85mm prime, which is a great optic, but by comparison that lens costs $1,698.


















Samyang 85mm f/1.4 for Sony full-frame E-mount




                $529
              

                $699
              

                  25% off
                





Samyang’s 85mm f/1.4 lens for Sony cameras is compatible with the Alpha line of full-frame mirrorless cameras and offers a fast f/1.4 aperture, autofocus, and weather sealing. 







              $529
              

at Amazon
            





Samyang has been around for years as a third-party manufacturer of nice bang-for-the-buck manual focus lenses, but this fast-aperture lens has autofocus and is even weather-sealed. 
Nikon
Nikon has been hit hard by the chip shortage, with scarce availability of its latest Z6 II, Z7 II, and vintage-inspired Z fc cameras in the market. However, its lower-cost Z5 camera is arguably one of the best values throughout all cameras during this Black Friday and Cyber Monday season. The Z5 and older Z6 are discounted by $400, and each offers a lot of camera for the money, even if the Z6 is a bit long in the tooth.
The Nikon Z5 is a compact body that ticks most boxes for enthusiasts. It has a nice EVF and even squeezes in dual-SD card slots. You can get the body for just $997 ($400 off) at Amazon, B&H Photo, Adorama, or Best Buy. 

















Nikon Z5




                $997
              

                $1,400
              

                  29% off
                





The Nikon Z5 is the budget-friendly option of Nikon’s full-frame lineup of mirrorless cameras. It features a 24-megapixel sensor, 3.69 million-dot OLED viewfinder, dual-SD card slots, 3.2-inch touchscreen, and in-body image stabilization.







              $997
              

at B&H Photo (body only)
            





              $1,297
              

at Amazon (24-50mm kit)
            






For Z5 kit options, you can get it with the Nikkor Z 24-50mm f/4-6.3 lens for $1,297 ($400 off) at Amazon, Adorama, B&H Photo, and Best Buy or with the Nikkor Z 24-70mm f/4 S lens for $1,594 (a huge $800 off) at Adorama, B&H Photo, and Best Buy.
The slightly older Nikon Z6, with its 24-megapixel full-frame sensor and lone SD card slot, is $400 off both body only and kit configurations. You can get the body for $1,597 at Amazon, Adorama, B&H Photo, or Best Buy and the kit with Nikkor Z 24-70mm f/4 S lens for $2,197 at Amazon, Adorama, or B&H Photo. or Best Buy Read our review.
The high-resolution counterpart to the Z6, the original Nikon Z7, is $300 off in body and kit form. The body only currently costs $2,497 at Amazon, Adorama, B&H Photo, and Best Buy, while the kit with the Nikkor Z 24-70mm f/4 S lens is $3,097 at Amazon, Adorama, B&H Photo, and Best Buy. Read our review.

The newer Nikon Z6 II is hard to come by, but you can get it in kit form with the Nikkor Z 24-50mm f/4-6.3 for $2,297 ($100 off) at B&H Photo or with the Nikkor Z 24-200mm f/4-6.3 VR super-zoom for $2,797 ($100 off) at B&H Photo.


Nikon’s latest high-megapixel Z7 II camera is also limited to kit form with the 24-50mm at $3,297 ($100 off) from B&H Photo or with the 24-200mm for $3,797 ($100 off).

The more modest APS-C sensor of the Nikon Z50 is a smaller, more cost-effective option. Though for Cyber Monday, the only configuration currently on sale is a two-lens kit with the Nikkor Z DX 16-50mm f/3.5-6.3 VR and Nikkor Z DX 50-250mm f/4.5-6.3 VR lens for $1,197 ($150 off) at Amazon and Adorama.
Some Nikkor Z lenses are up to 18 percent off, including the latest Nikkor Z 24-70mm f/2.8 S pro zoom ($300 off) and the excellent Nikkor f/1.8 S prime lenses, like the Nikkor Z 85mm f/1.8 S ($100 off).

Fujifilm
Black Friday and Cyber Monday deals are not the most numerous for Fujifilm, as fan favorites like the X100V are not just full price but backordered just about everywhere. The latest version of the X-T line gets a nice discount, however, and an older medium format holdout hits a new low.

The Fujifilm X-T4 premiered in early 2020 with one of its most significant changes, in-body image stabilization. That addition, plus a fold-out screen, made the X-T4 a prominent quality-of-life upgrade over its predecessor. For Black Friday, you can get the X-T4 body for $1,499 ($200 off) at Adorama, Amazon, and Best Buy.  You can still lock in this deal at Adorama, but it is backordered.

















Fujifilm X-T4




                $1,499
              

                $1,699
              

                  12% off
                





Fujifilm’s X-T4 kept a similar 26-megapixel APS-C sensor and processor as the prior X-T3, but it added many control and handling improvements: in-body image stabilization, an articulating rear LCD, improved autofocus speed and eye tracking, and a quieter mechanical shutter.







              $1,499
              

at Adorama
            






The prior Fujifilm X-T3 still offers a lot for a lower price. It’s available body-only for $1,099 ($400 off) at Amazon and B&H Photo or as a kit with the XF 18-55mm f/2.8-4 R LM OIS for $1,499 ($400 off) at Amazon and B&H Photo, and Best Buy. Read our review.
The more basic sibling to the X-T3, the Fujifilm X-T30 drops to an even lower price with a $100 discount. Now you can get the body for $799 at Amazon, Adorama, or B&H Photo, or Best Buy. Read our review.
Over on the medium format front, the Fujifilm GFX 50R has been around for a few years, but it is now down to a new low for medium format mirrorless cameras. The camera body is now $2,999 ($1,500 off) at Amazon, Adorama, and B&H Photo. It’s likely that stock is being cleared out thanks to the release of the newer, faster GFX 50S II — though the older 50R shares a similar 51-megapixel sensor and is now $1,000 cheaper than the new model. Read our review.

Panasonic
The Panasonic Lumix offerings for Cyber Monday have nice discounts on micro four-thirds cameras like the video-centric GH5 II and the entry-level G95 hitting a new all-time low. On the full-frame front, the Netflix-approved S1H is $500 off, and the S5 offers the best bang for your buck if you want to go full-frame with Panasonic and L-Mount Alliance lenses.

Panasonic refreshed the Lumix GH5 II recently while it prepares a more robust GH6 for a future release. The GH5 II is a formidable video camera that’s lightweight and small thanks to its micro four-thirds sensor and lenses. The camera body is $1,498 ($200 off) for Cyber Monday at Amazon, B&H Photo, Adorama, and Best Buy. You can get it kitted with the 12-60mm f/2.8-4 O.I.S. lens for $2,098 ($200 off) at Amazon, B&H Photo, Adorama, or Best Buy.
The Lumix G95 is a more basic micro four-thirds offering, released in 2019, for general picture-taking and a little video. It’s now at an all-time low as a kit with 12-60mm f/3.5-5.6 O.I.S. lens for $698 ($500 off) at Adorama.
The Lumix S5 is Panasonic’s smaller, jack-of-all-trades full-frame camera that is versatile enough for most enthusiasts. The body is currently $1,698 ($300 off) at Amazon, Adorama, B&H Photo, and Best Buy. It is also $300 off when bundled with the S 20-60mm f/3.5-5.6 lens, making it $1,998 at Amazon, Adorama, B&H Photo, and Best Buy. You can also save an additional $200 when you buy any Lumix S-series lens along with the body or base kit.


















Panasonic Lumix S5




                $1,698
              

                $1,998
              

                  16% off
                





The Lumix S5 is build around a 24.2-megapixel full-frame sensor, inherited from the bigger and costlier S1. The S5 is the smallest and most inexpensive member of Panasonic’s S-line of cameras, and features in-body image stabilization, an articulating rear LCD, and up to 4K/60fps video recording.







              $1,698
              

at Amazon (body)
            





              $1,998
              

at Amazon (20-60mm kit)
            







Panasonic’s answer to the Sony RX100VII, the one-inch sensor-equipped Lumix ZS200, is just $598 ($200 off) at B&H Photo and Adorama.

The vlog-focused Lumix G100 with in-body image stabilization and kitted with a 12-32mm f/3.5-5.6 lens is just $598 off ($150 off) at Amazon, Adorama, B&H Photo, and Best Buy.
The co-star of Bo Burnham’s Inside special on Netflix, the Lumix S1H full-frame cinema camera, is $3,498 ($500 off) at Amazon, Adorama, and B&H Photo, and Best Buy. 

GoPro
Cyber Monday deals on GoPro cameras include the latest Hero10 model that just came out in September, as well as worthwhile discounts and bundles on the older Hero9 and Hero8. If you live an action-packed life, you can save some money on the GoPro that’s right for you.
The newest GoPro Hero10 Black is $50 off its usual price of $500 for a discounted rate of $450 at Amazon, B&H Photo, Adorama, and Best Buy. Read our review.

















GoPro Hero 10 Black




                $450
              

                $500
              

                  10% off
                





The GoPro Hero 10 Black offers a new processor making it possible to shoot in 4K resolution at 120 frames per second.







              $450
              

at Amazon
            





              $450
              

at Best Buy
            






If you don’t need the latest and greatest model, you can save more in your budget by going with the GoPro Hero9 Black for $350 ($50 off) at Amazon, B&H Photo, Adorama, and Best Buy. Read our review.
For the ultimate bang-for-the-budget GoPro, Walmart’s deal on a Hero8 Black bundle complete with a dual battery charger and three batteries is just $249. 

Olympus
Olympus is in a bit of a state of flux. The imaging division was sold and is continuing on as OM System. If you like the idea of lightweight micro four-thirds cameras with some vintage-infused looks, there are discounts for Cyber Monday you may find worthwhile, but the future is not yet certain for what’s to come from this system.
The flagship from 2019 is heavily discounted to $1,699 ($1,300 off) at Amazon, B&H Photo, and Adorama. 

















Olympus OM-D E-M1X




                $1,699
              

                $2,999
              

                  44% off
                





The Olympus OM-D E-M1X is a pro-oriented micro four-thirds camera with a 20.4-megapixel sensor, 121-point autofocus system, and 18 fps continuous burst with tracking autofocus in a tall-format body.







              $1,699
              

at Amazon
            





              $1,699
              

at B&H Photo
            






The step down from the E-M1X, the OM-D E-M1 Mark III, $1,499 ($300 off) for the body at Amazon, Adorama, and B&H Photo. It can also be bought as a kit with 14-150mm f/4-5.6 lens for $1,998 ($400 off) at Adorama.
Olympus’ midrange OM-D E-M5 Mark III body is just $899 ($300 off) at Amazon, Adorama, and B&H Photo or kitted with 14-150mm f/4.0-5.6 II lens for $1,100 ($700 off) at Adorama and B&H Photo.
On the entry-level end of things, the OM-D E-M10 Mark IV kit with a compact 14-42mm f/3.5-5.6 EZ lens is $699 ($100 off) at Adorama and B&H Photo. 
Olympus M. Zuiko lenses are up to $200 off, including the 12-40mm f/2.8 Pro mid-range zoom ($200 off) and 7-14mm f/2.8 Pro wide-angle zoom ($100 off).

DJI
DJI is by far the market leader in drones and gimbals. Though because of that we do not often see massive discounts on DJI products. However, we have so far seen a couple of Cyber Monday drone deals from B&H. 

The DJI Mavic Mini in its Fly More accessory combo pack is $100 off at B&H Photo, dropping the price from $400 down to $299. The little drone, first launched in 2019, is small enough to fit in your palm, and it was the first drone to not require FAA registration.
DJI’s FPV combo racing drone, for first-person flying at up to 87 mph, is discounted $300 — dropping the price to $999 at B&H Photo. 

Leica
Leica Camera is offering a 10 percent rebate on the Leica SL2 ($6,895 body only) and Leica SL2-S ($4,995 body only) full-frame mirrorless cameras when you trade in a qualifying full-frame camera from another brand at a Leica Store or dealer until January 31st. You must fill out a form on Leica’s website — consequently opting into Leica’s marketing communications — and receive an email voucher for the discount on the SL2 and SL2-S. 
It may sound a little confusing, but you essentially get whatever Leica deems your trade-in camera is worth, plus the 10 percent discount on the SL2 or SL2-S — knocking $690 and $500 off each, respectively. See Leica’s terms and list of qualifying trade-in cameras here.
Additionally, Leica Camera USA is giving away a Peak Design accessory package when you buy a new Leica SL2 or SL2-S camera from a participating dealer until December 1st. The Peak Design package consists of a Peak Design Everyday Backpack Zip 20L, Peak Design Slide, and Peak Design Clutch.
Extras


Lensrentals has 20 percent off rentals with code LRBF2021 and 10 percent off its keeper items with code KPRBF2021.

LensProToGo has 25 percent off rentals with code 21BFLPTG.

Adobe is offering 40 percent off its full Creative Cloud suite through November 26th for new subscribers, bringing the price down to $30 per month for one year (normally $52 per month). If you’re a student or a teacher, the discount is bigger, down to $16 per month for one year.
B&H has the Zoom H6 handheld recorder, capable of being a field recorder or mobile podcast mixer, for just $320. That’s $30 off a staple of video/audio gear you don’t always see discounts on.
The Godox AD200Pro portable flash is a favorite of event photographers thanks to its convenient rechargeable battery, and B&H has it for just $269 ($80 off).








        Sign up for the
        
          newsletter
        
      
      Verge Deals
    
Subscribe to get the best Verge-approved tech deals of the week.






Just one more thing!
Please confirm your subscription to Verge Deals via the verification email we just sent you.




Email (required)






        By signing up, you agree to our Privacy Notice and European users agree to the data transfer policy.
        
      
Subscribe






House Democrats announced that Facebook whistleblower Frances Haugen will testify before Congress a second time on Wednesday to discuss possible legislative changes to tech’s controversial legal liability shield, Section 230. 
The House Energy and Commerce subcommittee on communications and technology will hold the upcoming hearing to discuss what Democrats are referring to as “targeted reforms” to Section 230. Several committee members have already introduced bills that would create carve-outs in the law that would make big tech companies like Facebook and Google legally liable for algorithms that amplify content that leads to offline violence. 
Haugen will testify alongside Color of Change president Rashad Robinson, according to House Democrats on Monday. Republicans are also expected to offer a witness for the hearing. A second panel will feature additional expert witnesses from organizations like Free Press Action and Cyber Civil Rights Initiative.
Haugen testified before the Senate Commerce Committee in October shortly after she leaked a cache of internal Facebook reports to the Wall Street Journal. The reports revealed a number of alarming policy and moderation failures at Facebook, but lawmakers have focused most intensely on documents concerning Instagram’s mental health impacts on young users. These reports led the committee to hold additional hearings with representatives from other popular social platforms like Snapchat, TikTok, and YouTube.
After Haugen’s first hearing, Senate Democrats demanded that Facebook send either CEO Mark Zuckerberg or Instagram chief Adam Mosseri to testify in light of the troubling internal reports. Last week, The New York Times reported that Mosseri will testify before the Senate Commerce Committee the week of December 3rd.


Update 2:08PM ET, November 29th: Walmart appears to have sold out of consoles for the day.
Walmart is back with a Cyber Monday console drop. Starting at 12PM ET / 9AM PT, you can have a go at snagging a PlayStation 5 (both the $499.99 disc-based version and $399.99 digital version are available) or the $499.99 Xbox Series X console. 
To get this early access to boost your chances of getting a console (though it’s no guarantee), you’ll need to be a paying member to Walmart Plus, starting at $12.99 per month. To reiterate, members sampling the free trial will not get early access. 
Here are the links, with more details about this restock beneath them.

















PlayStation 5




                $500
              





Sony’s flagship next-gen console, which includes a disc drive, allows you to play both digital and physical games for the PS4 and PS5. 







              $500
              

at Best Buy
            






















PlayStation 5 Digital Edition 




                $400
              





The PS5 Digital Edition costs $400. Compared to the standard PS5, this console is $100 less and does not include a Blu-ray disc drive.







              $400
              

at Target
            






















Microsoft Xbox Series X




                $500
              





The Xbox Series X is Microsoft’s flagship console, serving as its most powerful (and biggest) option. While the Series S is aimed at smooth 1440p performance and takes a disc-less aproach, the $500 Series X is focused on fast, 4K gameplay.







              $500
              

at Walmart
            







    Related
  
Win a mystery bag from The Verge jam-packed with free stuff

Hey, if you miss out on a chance to get the Series X, it might help during the holidays that the smaller, less-powerful Series S is more readily available and costs less at $299.99. It lacks a disc drive and has half the storage of the Series X (512GB), but it has many of the same features as the high-end console. It targets 1440p resolution for some content, and it can boost certain games up to 120 frames per second, but it could be a great fit for someone who still uses a 1080p TV or monitor.

















Microsoft Xbox Series S




                $300
              





The Xbox Series S is far smaller than the more capable Xbox Series X, which also features double the storage and a disc drive. The Series S can still tackle the same games, though, including original Xbox, Xbox 360, and Xbox One games.







              $300
              

at Best Buy
            





              $300
              

at Newegg
            





              $300
              

at Walmart
            





In case you don’t know the drill at this point, make sure you’re logged in to your Walmart Plus account, with the correct payment method and shipping address entered in ahead of time.
Add these to your cart
What’s a console without extra games, controllers, or accessories? One that isn’t nearly as fun to use as it should be. Load these items into your Walmart cart ahead of time, so you can get it all at once when the consoles drop. Though, in some cases, you can find better deals at other retailers.
For PS5

















Midnight black DualSense controller




                $69
              





The midnight black DualSense controller sports the same hardware as the original — haptic feedback, adaptive triggers, etc. — only with a two-tone design reminiscent of PS2, PS3, and PS4 consoles.







              $69
              

at Walmart
            






















Sony Pulse 3D headset




                $99
              





Sony’s own wireless gaming headset, made to showcase the PS5’s 3D Audio effect, also works on the PS4.







              $99
              

at Walmart
            





              $100
              

at Best Buy
            






















PlayStation Plus digital subscription (annual)




                $40
              

                $60
              

                  34% off
                





A membership to PlayStation Plus allows PlayStation 4 and PS5 owners to play games online, download free titles every month, and take advantage of discounts on the PS Store.







              $40
              

at Best Buy
            





              $40
              

at Amazon
            





For Xbox

















Xbox Wireless Headset




                $100
              





You don’t have to miss a call while you game thanks to Microsoft’s Xbox Wireless Headset, which often sells for $89 instead of its full $100. In our review, we found it to be a comfortable, intuitively designed headset that’s well worth its cost. In addition to working well with Xbox consoles, it can connect to another device simultaneously via Bluetooth.








              $100
              

at Best Buy
            





              $89
              

at Walmart
            






















Xbox Wireless Controller




                $49
              

                $60
              

                  19% off
                





Microsoft’s latest Xbox controller features a Share button and a USB-C charging port if you decide to use the optional rechargeable battery.







              $49
              

at GameStop
            





              $55
              

at Walmart
            






















Xbox Game Pass Ultimate (three months)




                $45
              





Xbox Game Pass Ultimate offers access to more than 100 games, including Doom, Gears 5, and the soon-to-be-released Halo Infinite, which you’ll be able to play on multiple devices.







              $45
              

at Target
            












        Sign up for the
        
          newsletter
        
      
      Verge Deals
    
Subscribe to get the best Verge-approved tech deals of the week.






Just one more thing!
Please confirm your subscription to Verge Deals via the verification email we just sent you.




Email (required)






        By signing up, you agree to our Privacy Notice and European users agree to the data transfer policy.
        
      
Subscribe






One of the most sought-after gifts every holiday — at least, ever since Apple removed the 3.5mm headphone jack from the iPhone — has been true wireless earbuds. They are often the favored listening device of many people because they offer the most convenience, and they’re a product category that frequently goes on sale. Full-size headphones offer superior sound, and those are still seeing their fair share of Cyber Monday discounts, but most casual listeners often prefer earbuds.
Here, we’ve rounded up the best Cyber Monday deals on wireless earbuds from Apple, Samsung, Bose, Jabra, Beats, and even Google, as well as a couple of lesser-known brands. Each has its own unique qualities or value proposition to offer, and we have deals spanning the range that can fit into any budget — starting with premium models and extending all the way to entry-level options still worth your listening time and money. 


    Related
  
The best Cyber Monday deals happening now
The best Cyber Monday deals on noise-canceling headphones 2021

The best deals on premium earbuds
The Sony WF-1000XM4 earbuds have been The Verge’s pick for the best overall earbuds since they took the market by storm over the summer. These earbuds are currently on sale for $248, as opposed to their list price of $280, at Amazon, Best Buy, Target, Walmart, and B&H Photo. The current deal matches the best price we’ve seen on the noise-canceling earbuds, and they’re widely available, so you can purchase them from your retailer of choice. Read our review.

















Sony WF-1000XM4




                $248
              

                $280
              

                  12% off
                





Sony’s WF-1000XM4 have the best noise cancellation of any true wireless earbuds, and the sound quality is second to none. With a new design that’s smaller and rated IPX4, the earbuds also can now be charged wirelessly.







              $248
              

at Amazon
            





              $248
              

at Best Buy
            






Jabra’s Elite 85t offer noise cancellation and the ability to connect to multiple devices, all for the very competitive price of $150 at Amazon, discounted from their usual $230. Read our review.
The Sennheiser Momentum True Wireless 2 are a premium earbud with solid noise-cancellation and excellent sound. Normally they are priced high at $300 — higher than everything else in this list — but Amazon has a big discount on the black model for just $172 ($128 off). Read our review.


















Sennheiser Momentum True Wireless 2




                $170
              

                $300
              

                  44% off
                





Sennheiser’s Momentum True Wireless 2 earbuds offer sublime sound quality and satisfactory noise cancellation. 







              $170
              

at Amazon
            






The Bose QuietComfort Earbuds really stand out for their noise-canceling chops, and are currently on sale nearly everywhere right now for around $199, down from their full price of $280. You can get them on sale at Amazon, Best Buy, Target, Walmart, or B&H Photo. Read our review.
If you prefer fitness-focused earbuds from a brand like Bose, you can get the Bose Sport earbuds for just $149 ($30 off) at Amazon, Best Buy, Target, Walmart, or B&H Photo. These buds trade noise cancellation for better IPX4 sweat and weather resistance, with blue and white options for sporty colors.
The latest revision of Apple’s hugely popular AirPods Pro now comes with a MagSafe-compatible charging case. Walmart is currently offering them for just $159. Meanwhile, it’s selling for $190 at Best Buy and Target, saving you $60. Read our review.


















Apple AirPods Pro (with MagSafe charging case)




                $159
              

                $249
              

                  37% off
                





Apple’s flagship earbuds improve on the regular AirPods with better sound quality, excellent active noise cancellation, and immersive spatial audio. The latest revision also includes MagSafe charging built into the case.







              $159
              

at Walmart
            





              $190
              

at Target
            






Samsung’s top-line Galaxy Buds Pro are a strong alternative to some of Apple’s best and, most likely, your ideal solution if you prefer Galaxy phones. They’re on sale for just $150 ($50 off) at Best Buy, Target, and Walmart. Read our review.
The Beats Powerbeats Pro have been around for a while, and they come in a wide range of colors with solid audio quality in a fitness-focused package. They are on a massive $100 discount nearly everywhere right now. You can pick them up for just $150 at Amazon, Best Buy, Target, Walmart, and B&H Photo. Read our review.
If you like the idea of earbud sunglasses that shade your eyes from the sun while keeping your ears open to hear passing traffic and the world around you, the Bose Frames Tempo, Tenor, and Soprano are all discounted to $219 at Amazon (each one discounted by $30). Read our review of the Bose Tempo here.
Never had a pair of earbuds that fit just right? Always found earbuds to be too big, too small, or never comfortable? The Ultimate Ears UE Fits, which can be custom-fitted to your ears, are discounted to $169 ($80 off) direct from Ultimate Ears. These are some of the most unusual earbuds around, and they’re on a rare discount. Read our review. 


















UE Fits




                $169
              

                $249
              

                  33% off
                





The UE Fits come with ear tips that permanently mold to the unique shape of your ears in just 60 seconds. This allows for a much better fit that you can comfortably wear for hours. 







              $169
              

at Ultimate Ears
            





The best deals on midrange earbuds

The Beats Studio Pro earbuds are down to their lowest price yet at Best Buy and Amazon. Normally $149.99, this new model from Beats that recharges via USB-C and works well on Android (in addition to iOS) is $100. Read our review.

The second-gen Apple AirPods with a wired charging case are practically the de facto standard in the world of wireless earbuds. They don’t have active noise-canceling, but the hard plastic design allows a one-size-fits-many approach, and the connectivity to Apple devices is easy as pie. They’re on sale for just $100 at Amazon at checkout, saving you $59. Target and Walmart also have them for $115, as does Best Buy for $120. Read our review.


















AirPods (second-gen) with wired charging case




                $100
              

                $159
              

                  38% off
                





The AirPods are Apple’s second generation of true wireless earbuds and the cheapest model in the current AirPods lineup.







              $100
              

at Amazon
            





              $115
              

at Target
            






If you prefer your base-model AirPods to come with the optional wireless charging case, the outright best price right now is $133 at Woot. If you’re an Amazon Prime subscriber, you get an additional $5 off the deal at Woot, making it the very lowest price of $128 ($71 off). Otherwise, Walmart has them for $145 and B&H Photo for $165.
The newest earbuds from Apple, the $179.99 third-gen AirPods, borrow some styling from the AirPods Pro and improve on the second-gen while adding a MagSafe case. Right now, they’re $150 at checkout when you buy them at Amazon. Read our review.
Samsung’s Galaxy Buds 2 are the most recent addition to its wireless earbuds lineup, and they come complete with active noise cancellation for just $100 ($50 off) at Best Buy, $110 ($40 off) at Amazon, or for $120 at Target and Walmart. Read our review.
The bean-like Galaxy Buds Live have a unique design that is very low-key when you’re wearing them out, and the sound quality is great for something so compact — even if the noise-canceling isn’t the best. They can be had for just $100 (a whole $70 off) at Amazon, Best Buy, Target, Walmart, and B&H Photo. Read our review.


















Samsung Galaxy Buds Live




                $100
              

                $170
              

                  42% off
                





Samsung’s unconventional wireless earbuds are shaped like beans, but they produce a powerful sound and come with lengthy battery life.







              $100
              

at Amazon
            





              $100
              

at Walmart
            





If you need your earbuds to scream “gamer!” then look no further than the RGB- and ANC-infused Razer Hammerhead true wireless earbuds. They’re down to $100 on Amazon, a savings of $30. Read our review.
The best deals on entry-level earbuds
Samsung’s sequel to its original Galaxy Buds, the Galaxy Buds Plus, offer improved sound quality, and they’re now just $79 at Walmart. That’s nearly half their full price of $150. Read our review.

















Samsung Galaxy Buds Plus




                $79
              

                $150
              

                  48% off
                





The Galaxy Buds Plus are the last-gen successor to the Galaxy Buds. The biggest change from this model is that the battery life is nearly doubled compared to the original Galaxy Buds.







              $79
              

at Walmart
            






Amazon’s second-generation Echo Buds that include a wireless charging case are just $90 (down from $140). This is the best deal that we’ve seen yet. If you don’t need a wireless charging case, the set that includes a case you’ll need to plug in to charge is just $70.
The Google Pixel Buds A-series are a lower-cost option of the Pixel Buds that finally started to get wireless earbuds right for Google, and being cheaper helps this model to be even more appealing. It’s a solid earbud for any Android user, but maybe most desirable if you’re a Pixel phone owner. You can pick them up for just $80 ($20 off) at Best Buy. Read our review.  
The Anker Soundcore Liberty Air 2 are not going to win any notable awards in any particular categories, but they’re fine for a basic set of earbuds from a reputable brand that just cost $45 ($5 off) at Amazon. They even have wireless charging and solid battery life. Think of it as stepping into stocking stuffer territory, but you’re not buying the equivalent of a true wireless lump of coal.








        Sign up for the
        
          newsletter
        
      
      Verge Deals
    
Subscribe to get the best Verge-approved tech deals of the week.






Just one more thing!
Please confirm your subscription to Verge Deals via the verification email we just sent you.




Email (required)






        By signing up, you agree to our Privacy Notice and European users agree to the data transfer policy.
        
      
Subscribe



















Whether you’re overdue for a new pair or are just trying to cancel out the usual onslaught of holiday music, Cyber Monday is a great time to invest in some noise-canceling headphones. You’ll find significant discounts on many of our favorite headphones featured in our noise-canceling headphones buying guide. These include picks from Sony, Bose, Apple, Sennheiser, and others. In some cases, these deals will save you $100 or more.
Aside from the steep discounts, another good thing about buying headphones during the holidays is the extended return period at many retailers. That gives you plenty of time to try out your new cans and make sure the sound quality, ANC, comfort, and other factors are all to your liking before you’re stuck with them. 


    Related
  
The best Cyber Monday deals happening now
The best Cyber Monday deals on true wireless earbuds
The best noise-canceling headphones to buy right now

Noise-canceling headphones deals
Sony’s WH-1000XM4 remain our overall pick as the best noise-canceling headphones you can buy today. They’ve got excellent noise cancellation, lively bass-forward sound, and fantastic comfort. Read our review.


















Sony WH-1000XM4




                $248
              

                $350
              

                  30% off
                





These over-ear headphones are some of the best noise-canceling headphones you can buy right now. They can last up to 30 hours on a single charge and provide a comfortable listening experience with plush ear pads. Read our full review.







              $248
              

at Best Buy
            





              $248
              

at Amazon
            





Released only a few months ago, Bose’s QuietComfort 45 headphones mark a return to the company’s classic design that has no equal when it comes to comfort. You can wear these things for hours upon hours without any issues. It also helps that Bose made improvements to sound quality and ANC compared to the QC35 II headphones. The QC45s haven’t really been on sale since their release, so the Cyber Monday 2021 deals are coming at just the right time. Read our review.



Verge Deals on Twitter
    Join our over 40,000 followers, and keep up with our best daily tech deals with @vergedeals
  

Follow us!



















Bose QC45




                $279
              

                $329
              

                  16% off
                





Bose’s QuietComfort 45 headphones update the company’s popular, impossibly comfortable design with USB-C, improved noise cancellation, and longer battery life.









              $279
              

at Amazon
            





              $279
              

at Best Buy
            





Apple’s AirPods Max in white can be had for as low as $429 from Amazon, down from their hefty $549 standard price. The green and pink are a bit higher (but still on sale) at $479.  The AirPods Max justify their price with top-tier sound quality, terrific noise cancellation, great voice call performance, and the usual deep integration with Apple’s ecosystem of devices. Read our review.

















AirPods Max (select colors)




                $429
              

                $549
              

                  22% off
                





With their lush over-ear design and premium build, the AirPods Max offer the most impressive sound quality and noise cancellation of the entire AirPods lineup.







              $429
              

at Amazon
            





              $479
              

at Best Buy
            





Sennheiser’s Momentum 3 Wireless are all the way down to $220 $245 at Amazon, which makes for big savings compared to their regular $400 price tag. With a classy, premium look and feel that’s matched by their phenomenal audio quality, the Momentum 3s are perhaps the best choice if you’re focused on sublime sound over everything else. Read our review.







        Sign up for the
        
          newsletter
        
      
      Verge Deals
    
Subscribe to get the best Verge-approved tech deals of the week.






Just one more thing!
Please confirm your subscription to Verge Deals via the verification email we just sent you.




Email (required)






        By signing up, you agree to our Privacy Notice and European users agree to the data transfer policy.
        
      
Subscribe






If you’re looking to expand your armory of gaming peripherals, you’ve come to the right place. Several retailers have a wide variety of gaming peripherals available at a deep discount, some of which are seeing their lowest prices ever. This list isn’t about price breaks on gaming PCs or componentry, but if it's something you can connect, attach, or plug into your computer, you’ll find it here.
There are a ton of mice, keyboards, and headsets on sale, as well as monitors, speakers, and a handful of other accessories you can save on. And if you’re in the market for a new machine, be sure to take a look at our guides to the best Cyber Monday laptop deals and best gaming deals you can get.  


    Related
  
The best Cyber Monday deals happening now

Keyboard deals

















SteelSeries Apex Pro Mechanical Keyboard




                $163
              

                $200
              

                  19% off
                





The Apex Pro full-sized RGB-backlit gaming keyboard features an OLED screen and a volume wheel.







              $163
              

at Amazon
            






















Razer Huntsman Mini




                $80
              

                $100
              

                  21% off
                





The Huntsman Mini is Razer’s first 60 percent keyboard. It doesn’t feature a numpad or dedicated media controls, but it’s a very compact model that won’t take up much space on your desk.







              $80
              

at GameStop
            





              $80
              

at Amazon
            






















Logitech G915 Lightspeed TKL




                $180
              

                $230
              

                  22% off
                





This scaled-down version of the G915 uses a tenkeyless design, ditching the number pad but keeping the same low-profile silhouette and wireless connectivity. The G915 TKL can be equipped with clicky, linear, or tactile switches and features RGB backlighting.







              $180
              

at GameStop
            





              $180
              

at Amazon
            






The Razer BlackWidow V3 Pro is a full-size, wired keyboard featuring Razer’s own clicky green mechanical switches. GameStop has reduced the price to just $140, taking $40 off the regular price of this RGB keyboard.
The full-sized, wired version of the Logitech G915, the G815, is available with linear, tactile, or clicky switches for $150 at GameStop, $50 off the regular retail price. 
The Corsair K70 RGB Low-Profile Keyboard is a little slimmer than your average keyboard but makes no compromises in terms of performance. Normally the K70 costs $100, but Walmart has discounted this model to just $79.

Headset deals

















Razer BlackShark V2




                $70
              

                $100
              

                  30% off
                





The Razer BlackShark V2 is a runner-up in our guide to the best gaming headsets. It’s compatible with PCs outfitted with a 3.5mm port, or using the included USB sound card, as well as consoles and controllers that feature a 3.5mm headphone jack.







              $70
              

at GameStop
            





              $70
              

at Amazon
            






















Razer Kraken Kitty




                $100
              

                $150
              

                  34% off
                





The adorable Razer Kraken Kitty headset puts a pair of RGB ears on the already awesome Razer Kraken headset. The Kitty features reactive RGB lighting built into the ears and earcups, a retractable boom mic, and THX spatial audio. 







              $100
              

at Newegg
            






The colorful Logitech G535 wired headset is available for $85 at Best Buy, $45 off the regular MSRP.
Best Buy has the esports-inspired Logitech G Pro X headset for $100, a cool $30 off the regular price. 



Verge Deals on Twitter
    Join our over 40,000 followers, and keep up with our best daily tech deals with @vergedeals
  

Follow us!


Mice deals

















Logitech G305 Lightspeed




                $30
              

                $50
              

                  40% off
                





The Logitech G305 Lightspeed is a wireless mouse with flair. This vibrant mouse features six programmable buttons and a 12K DPI sensor. The G305 is also available in a variety of colorways and is capable of lasting for up to 240 hours with a single AA battery.







              $30
              

at GameStop
            





              $30
              

at Amazon
            


















        
           | Image: Razer 
        
      



Razer DeathAdder V2 Pro Wireless Gaming Mouse




                $70
              

                $130
              

                  47% off
                





Razer’s DeathAdder V2 Pro is a lightweight gaming mouse that’s comfortable to use and is a good wireless alternative to its wired counterpart, with five onboard profiles and a 20K DPI optical sensor. 







              $70
              

at Amazon
            





              $70
              

at GameStop
            






Razer’s most customizable wireless mouse, the Basilisk Ultimate, has a removable sniper button and an adjustable scroll wheel. Normally $150, this mouse is on sale at GameStop for $80.
Logitech’s G Pro is a modest-looking mouse with an esports pedigree. It was made in collaboration with professional gamers who valued its lightweight stature and ergonomic design. Usually, this mouse would cost $130, but it’s currently on sale for $99 at GameStop.

The Logitech G703 is an older model in the Logitech armory but features great specs. The G703 features a 16K DPI sensor, weighs 95 grams, and can last up to 35 hours on a single charge. Normally this mouse costs $90, but it’s currently available at Newegg for $60.

The ambidextrous Logitech G903 is discounted by $40 at Newegg right now, bringing the price down to just $90. This wireless mouse features a 16K DPI sensor and can even charge wirelessly with the Logitech Powerplay system.

Monitor deals

















Samsung 49-inch CRG9




                $950
              

                $1,200
              

                  21% off
                





This is Samsung’s 49-inch, 1440p gaming monitor. The 1800R curved display touts a 120Hz refresh rate, and support for FreeSync 2 adaptive sync.







              $950
              

at Amazon
            





              $950
              

at Newegg
            






















MSI Optix MAG321CQR 




                $260
              

                $360
              

                  28% off
                





This 32-inch, curved gaming panel from MSI boasts 1440p resolution and refresh rates of up to 144Hz. The monitor also features a 1ms response time and is compatible with AMD FreeSync.







              $260
              

at Newegg
            





              $330
              

at Adorama
            







The 32-inch Gigabyte G32QC features a 165Hz refresh rate and 1440p resolution. This awesome gaming monitor is currently on sale for $300 at Newegg and normally costs $360.

The Optix MPG341CQR is on sale at Newegg for $150 off, the best price we’ve seen on MSI’s terrific ultrawide monitor.

Speakers

















Logitech G560




                $185
              

                $240
              

                  23% off
                





These RGB speakers from Logitech come with their own subwoofer, and are compatible with Windows PCs and Bluetooth devices.







              $185
              

at Newegg
            





Razer is currently discounting its Nommo Pro and Nommo Chroma speakers. The Nommo Pro comes with its own subwoofer and integrated tweeters, and though it normally costs $550, it’s currently on sale for $420. The Nommo Chroma speakers look very similar to the Pro version but don’t come with tweeters or a subwoofer. This model is normally $170 but has been discounted to $119. If you don’t mind waiting a week for them to ship, this is a good deal on some awesome desktop speakers.







        Sign up for the
        
          newsletter
        
      
      Verge Deals
    
Subscribe to get the best Verge-approved tech deals of the week.






Just one more thing!
Please confirm your subscription to Verge Deals via the verification email we just sent you.




Email (required)






        By signing up, you agree to our Privacy Notice and European users agree to the data transfer policy.
        
      
Subscribe






Black Friday weekend and Cyber Monday are often thought of as times to stock up on smaller investments on the cheap, like headphones, games, and other gadgets you may not have wanted to pay full price for. But it’s also a great time to save on big-ticket items, like that laptop you’ve maybe had your eye on. The shopping holidays have brought some seriously good discounts on laptops, whether you’re keen on sticking with Mac, or you want a Windows PC. Both often come in very slim designs, but for people who don’t mind a heavier laptop, we’ve included some gaming laptop picks.
The kinds of deals you can get on laptops vary depending on the retailer, so that’s how we’ve split up the deals.


    Related
  
The best Cyber Monday deals happening now
The best laptops you can buy right now

Best Buy’s best laptop deals

Apple’s MacBook Air with the M1 processor is $100 off at Best Buy. This brings the starting price down to $900 for the base model that has 8GB of RAM and a 256GB SSD.
Several models of Microsoft’s Surface Go 2 are discounted, but we recommend the 8GB / 128GB model that’s just $399.99. That’s an impressive $150 discount. Note that you’ll need to purchase a Type Cover separately. 

The 15.6-inch Samsung Chromebook 4 Plus is just $199, which is $100 off its usual $299 price.
Many Surface Pro 7 models are discounted. Our recommended model is the configuration that includes an Intel Core i5 processor, 8GB of RAM, and 128GB of storage for $699 ($200 off). Note that this Surface also doesn’t include a Type Cover, and those run for $129 and up.
Google’s Pixelbook Go is seeing a slight price drop, and the base configuration below that we recommend is just $599. This is one of the best Chromebooks you can buy, and compared to some others, it has a great typing experience.


















Google Pixelbook Go




                $599
              

                $650
              

                  8% off
                





Google Pixelbook Go is a handsome, no-nonsense 13.3-inch laptop with multiple USB-C ports, great travel, and enough battery life to get you through the workday.







              $599
              

at Best Buy
            






Another appealing 4K-equipped laptop, Lenovo’s Yoga 9i, is $1,349, a steep $400 price cut from its original $1,749.99 price.
Several of Microsoft’s Surface Laptop 4 laptops are discounted by $150, and if you ask us, we recommend the Ryzen-equipped ones over the Intel models. This model with an AMD Ryzen 5 processor, 16GB of RAM, and a 256GB SSD costs $1,049.99 instead of $1,200.

Dell’s best laptop deals
For Cyber Monday, Dell has dropped the price of this XPS 13 laptop configuration with an Intel Core i7-1195G7, 16GB of RAM, and a 512GB SSD even more. It’s now just $1,229, taking about $400 off the regular MSRP. Read our review.

















Dell XPS 13 (2021)




                $1,229
              

                $1,629
              

                  25% off
                





The latest model of the Dell XPS 13 brings an 11th Gen Intel Core i7 CPU to bear and combines it with Intel Iris Xe graphics for an exceptionally powerful, yet compact, notebook.







              $1,229
              

at Dell
            





The Dell XPS 15 ultrabook is currently enjoying a solid discount. Dell has reduced the price of this particular configuration to $2,199, taking $396 off the usual price tag. This is the best deal we’ve seen on this laptop so far, with some retailers charging as much as $2,600 for the same configuration. This model boasts some impressive specs with an 11th Gen Core i9 CPU and an RTX 3050 Ti graphics card, not to mention 32GB of RAM and a 1TB SSD. Our reviewer, Monica Chin, liked the 16:10 display and snappy keyboard, even though the XPS 15 tended to get a little hot under load. Read our full review.

















Dell XPS 15 (2020)




                $2,199
              

                $2,595
              

                  16% off
                





This configuration of the Dell XPS 15 laptop uses an RTX 3050Ti CPU paired with an 11th Gen Core i9 CPU, making it an excellent laptop for power users. This model also has 32GB of RAM and a 1TB SSD for storage.  







              $2,199
              

at Dell
            





Newegg’s best laptop deals

The MSI GP66 Leopard gaming laptop with an Intel Core i7 processor, Nvidia’s RTX 3080 graphics chip, and 16GB of RAM is $1,799, which is a total of $400 off its usual price. You’ll pay $1,899 today, but you can mail a rebate in to reap an extra $100 in savings. Read our review.

The Strix Scar 15 from Asus is $200 off its usual price, coming in at $2,199.99. This is a solid deal for a gaming laptop that features AMD’s Ryzen 9 CPU and the RTX 3080. Read our review.

For a more affordable gaming laptop, the Asus Strix G15 is $1,249.99. That’s not a bad price for a model that features AMD’s Ryzen 7 CPU and an RTX 3060 graphics chip. Read our review.

For a slim and capable laptop that’s not meant for gaming, the Asus Zenbook 14 that has an AMD Ryzen 7 CPU, 16GB of RAM, and a 1TB SSD costs just $949.99, $100 down from its original price. Read our review of a similar model.


MSI’s Prestige 14 Evo is loaded for $949 ($350 off), equipped with an Intel Core i7 processor, 32GB of RAM, and 1TB of storage. Read our review.

For an extra laptop deal coutesy of Adorama, the MSI Katana GF66 15.6-inch gaming laptop is just 6799 after a $100 mail-in rebate. That is some exceptional performance for the money — especially when you consider the 144Hz screen and GPU — even if it’s far from being the prettiest laptop. Meanwhile, Razer is offering $50 in Steam wallet credit when you purchase one of its Razer Blade 15 Base gaming laptops, which start at $1,799.99. 


















MSI Katana GF66 




                $699
              

                $1,049
              

                  34% off
                





The MSI Katana GF66 gaming laptop has a 144Hz 15.6-inch 1080p display with Intel Core i5 11400H, 8GB RAM, 512GB SSD, and Nvidia RTX 3050.







              $699
              

at Adorama (with mail-in rebate)
            












        Sign up for the
        
          newsletter
        
      
      Verge Deals
    
Subscribe to get the best Verge-approved tech deals of the week.






Just one more thing!
Please confirm your subscription to Verge Deals via the verification email we just sent you.




Email (required)






        By signing up, you agree to our Privacy Notice and European users agree to the data transfer policy.
        
      
Subscribe






If our roundup of best tech deals you can still get under $50 was outside your budget, don’t worry: there’s also plenty you can buy for under $25. Several retailers are now heavily discounting popular tech products during Cyber Monday, discounting everything from Bluetooth trackers and smart speakers to the latest gaming subscriptions. 
For your convenience, we’ve curated a list of some of the best sub-$25 options below. If you’re looking for more holiday gift ideas that won’t break the bank, however, we’ve also put together separate budget-based gift guides for items under $25 and $50.


    Related
  
The best Cyber Monday deals happening now

Several popular streaming services are offering some great discounts, and in some cases, you can enjoy up to one year’s worth of content for under $25. Hulu, for example, is giving away 12 months of its ad-supported streaming service for just 99 cents per month (instead of the usual $7) if you subscribe before November 30th. Both new and returning customers who haven’t been Hulu subscribers within the past month can take advantage of this offer. Other services including Amazon, are also offering similarly great deals, which you can check out a full roundup of here.

















Hulu subscription (12-months, ad-supported)




                $1
              

                $7
              

                  86% off
                





You can get 12 months of Hulu’s ad-supported service for just $1 per month and enjoy access to all Hulu’s TV shows and movies on a TV, streaming media player, tablet, laptop, console, and other devices. Two people are also allowed to stream on this plan at the same time as well.







              $1
              

at Hulu (per month)
            





For iPhone owners planning on traveling this holiday season, Amazon’s offering a great deal on Apple’s official AirTag Loop. Given that AirTags lack a lanyard hole of their own, you’ll need such a loop to securely attach them to luggage, keys, and other items. Unfortunately, these loops can be as expensive as the AirTags themselves. Thankfully, however, Amazon is currently discounting the loop made to carry Apple’s popular Bluetooth tracker, selling it an all-time low of around $18 instead of $29. This deal is valid on the deep navy colorway.

















Apple AirTag Loop (deep navy) 




                $18
              

                $29
              

                  38% off
                





Apple’s AirTag Loop is designed to keep your Bluetooth tracker in place, and you can use it to clip your AirTags to your keys, luggage, and other accessories.







              $18
              

at Amazon
            





Like Apple’s AirTag, Samsung Galaxy SmartTag Plus locates lost items ranging from keys to pets. Even though it can work with both iOS and Android devices, we recommend it more for Samsung users as it’s designed to work best with Samsung Galaxy devices. The convenient Bluetooth tracker features an ultra-wideband (UWB) radio so you can more accurately track items and use the AR mode to see exactly where your missing tag is. To use the UWB radio, though, you’ll need a compatible UWB-equipped Galaxy phone. The tracker can also be used as a remote control for Samsung smart home stuff. It’s a great buy for those embedded within the Samsung ecosystem, especially right now, as the tracker is going for $25 instead of $40 today at both Amazon and Samsung. Read our review.

















Samsung Galaxy SmartTag Plus 




                $25
              

                $40
              

                  38% off
                





Samsung Galaxy SmartTag Plus in mind that can also be used as a remote control for Samsung smart home stuff. Right now, the tracker is going for $25 instead of $40 today from both Amazon and Samsung. 







              $25
              

at Amazon
            





              $25
              

at Samsung
            





For Xbox owners, we found a phenomenal deal from Target that you’ll want to act fast on. You can pick up a three-month Xbox Game Pass Ultimate pass for $25 instead of its usual $45 — which is nearly 50 percent off. This pass gives Xbox owners access to online multiplayer and exclusive deals, as well as EA Play tiles and Microsoft’s cloud gaming service, xCloud. It also offers access to more than 100 Xbox titles for a flat, monthly fee, including Halo Infinite when it launches next month.

















Xbox Game Pass Ultimate (three-month pass)




                $25
              

                $45
              

                  45% off
                





Xbox Game Pass Ultimate offers access to more than 100 games, including Doom, Gears 5, and the soon-to-be-released Halo Infinite, which you’ll be able to play on multiple devices.







              $25
              

at Target
            





Speaking of video games, several of the best are also discounted and selling for $25, including Deathloop. There are also a few others you can pick up for around the same price or even less, including Hades ($20), Marvel’s Guardians of the Galaxy alongside a SteelBook ($25), and Back 4 Blood ($25). For more great video game deals, check out this list.

















Deathloop




                $60
              





The latest release from Arcane Studios — the team behind Prey and Dishonored — is a masterpiece in many ways, an open-ended mystery that’s thrilling, action-packed, and just the right amount of weird.







              $60
              

at Gamestop
            





              $60
              

at Amazon
            





It may be an older model, but the third-generation Echo Dot is still a great device that we once called the best cheap smart speaker you can buy. It’s far superior to its predecessor, with a loud and rich sound we praised. Right now, you can pick one up from Best Buy for just $20, saving you $35 on an otherwise $55 bundle. 

















Echo Dot (third-gen) with Sengled smart bulb




                $20
              

                $40
              

                  51% off
                





This puck-like Echo Dot is the third generation of Amazon’s smart speaker. It offers better sound than its predecessor, a compact design, and all the smarts that come with owning an Alexa device.







              $20
              

at Best Buy 
            





For those who prefer Google smart speakers, the Google Nest Mini is currently 50 percent off at multiple retailers. In our review, we called the small smart speaker a great upgrade over the last-gen Home Mini, one that sounds far better. The Nest Mini also makes it easy to add Google Assistant to your home. It lacks the Echo Dot’s 3.5mm jack that allows for a wired connection, but, unlike Amazon’s device, you can hang it on your wall without extra accessories. Right now, you can pick one up in various colors for 50 percent off at Google, Walmart, Best Buy, and Target, which are all selling the speaker for $25. 

















Google Nest Mini (second-gen)




                $25
              

                $49
              

                  50% off
                





The Nest Mini is Google’s smallest smart speaker, and it can bring Google Assistant to almost any area of your home. You can even mount it to your wall with no additional hardware.







              $25
              

at Walmart
            





              $25
              

at Best Buy
            







Verge Deals on Twitter
    Join our over 40,000 followers, and keep up with our best daily tech deals with @vergedeals
  

Follow us!


Streaming sticks are also heavily discounted right now, especially over on Amazon. At the moment, Amazon is even taking 50 percent off of the older Fire TV Stick 4K, which comes with the third-gen Alexa remote. Typically $50, you can pick one up right now for $25, the device’s best price to date. It may not be as capable as the Fire TV Stick 4K Max (which is currently selling for $35 instead of $55), but it’s still plenty fast and supports Dolby Vision, Dolby Atmos, HDR10 Plus, and HDR10. Read our review. 

















Fire TV Stick 4K




                $25
              

                $50
              

                  51% off
                





Amazon’s Fire TV Stick 4K packs 4K Ultra HD, Dolby Vision, HDR, and HDR10 Plus, along with an Alexa-enabled voice remote that controls most TV sets. Its audio output is capable of Dolby Atmos, too, and the compact device supports Netflix, Disney Plus, HBO Max, Prime Video, and all the major services.







              $25
              

at Amazon
            





Those curious about Google’s Stadia game streaming service may want to check out this Stadia Premiere Edition bundle discount, which is available for more than 70 percent off. The $80 bundle comes with a white Stadia controller, as well as a 4K-capable Chromecast Ultra, and is selling for just $22, which equates to around $58 in savings.

















Google Stadia Premiere Edition bundle




                $22
              

                $80
              

                  73% off
                





Stadia is Google’s cloud gaming service, which can be played on anything from a web browser, to a smartphone, to a TV through a Chromecast. It has an ever-growing library of games, including major AAA titles.







              $22
              

at Google Store
            







    Related
  
Google Stadia is celebrating its second birthday with hardware for free or cheap

The Blink Mini is a small, wired home security camera that comes with night vision and is capable of recording in 1080p while supporting two-way audio. While we weren’t blown away by the camera, we found that it still offers good video and audio quality for its price. Typically $35, you can buy the already affordable camera for $20 from Amazon. Note, however, those new to Blink’s ecosystem will have to pay an additional $3 per camera each month for cloud storage. Read our full review.

















Blink Mini camera




                $20
              

                $35
              

                  43% off
                





The Blink Mini is a small wired home security camera that comes with night vision and is capable of recording in 1080p while supporting two-way audio.  







              $20
              

at Amazon
            





But wait! There’s more! Here are other great deals under $25:

The myQ Chamberlain smart garage door controller is cheaper than ever for Cyber Monday. Around $20 was its previous best price, but Amazon has it for $17. This model supports Amazon Key, giving drivers the ability to securely drop packages off in your garage.
Best Buy is offering new subscribers a free six-month trial of Apple Music, while also offering new subscribers a free three-month trial of Apple TV Plus. You must create a Best Buy account to take advantage of either deal, however. 

This Razer DeathAdder gaming mouse is going for $20 instead of $50 when you buy the black version.
Snag a capacious 256GB Samsung microSD card for your Switch, phone, camera, or laptop (assuming they have a microSD card slot) at Amazon for just $25.

Sideclick’s Universal Remote Attachment adds more functionality to your Roku streaming player remote and makes it possible to better control Blu-ray players, soundbars, TVs, and more with one remote. Right now, you can buy it for $25 instead of $30.

This Kasa smart plug works with Alexa, Echo, Google Home, and IFTTT without a hub required. Right now, you can pick a two-pack up for $15 instead of its typical $20.

Beef up your desktop audio without taking up space with these mini speakers from Creative. Normally $25, you can buy them for $20 at Amazon.  
Abode is currently selling the Abode Cam 2 for just $25. An overall solid security camera, the Abode Cam 2 can be mounted indoors or out, is motion-activated, and can record in low-light conditions. 
Apple’s 20W USB-C Power Adapter is selling for $15 instead of $19 at the moment.








        Sign up for the
        
          newsletter
        
      
      Verge Deals
    
Subscribe to get the best Verge-approved tech deals of the week.






Just one more thing!
Please confirm your subscription to Verge Deals via the verification email we just sent you.




Email (required)






        By signing up, you agree to our Privacy Notice and European users agree to the data transfer policy.
        
      
Subscribe







Nissan is the latest automaker to announce a plan to spend gobs of money on an ambitious electrification strategy. The company said it will spend 2 trillion yen (around $17.6 billion) over the next five years to accelerate the roll-out of electric vehicles. And to emphasize that point, Nissan unveiled a pack of delightful EV concepts, including an adorable pickup truck, an outdoorsy SUV, and a sleek sports car. 
It’s an impressive commitment, but Nissan notably stopped short of making the same promise that other automakers have to phase out the production of gas-powered vehicles. For example, Volvo and General Motors have vowed to become EV-only companies by 2030 and 2040, respectively. 
Nissan said it will produce 23 new electrified models by 2030, 15 of which will be fully electric. The company is targeting a 50 percent electrification mix for its Nissan and Infiniti brands by the end of the decade. In the US, Nissan plans to take things a little slower, only targeting 40 percent of its sales to be EVs by 2040. 
On batteries, Nissan is pursuing what it calls “all-solid-state batteries (ASSB)” by 2028. The company is preparing a “pilot plant” in Yokohama, Japan, for early 2024. Solid-state batteries could theoretically charge faster, hold more power, and last longer than traditional lithium-ion batteries, which use liquid electrolytes to move energy around. While solid-state batteries have eluded researchers for years, some companies claim that a breakthrough is nearly at hand. 
Nissan says that solid-state batteries will help make EVs more affordable by reducing the price of battery packs down to $75 per kWh by 2028. The company aims to bring it further down to $65 per kWh to achieve cost parity between EV and gasoline vehicles in the future.
To underline its commitment to an electric future, Nissan revealed a handful of EV concepts: a small pickup truck called Surf-Out; a boxy crossover called Hang-Out; a compact SUV called Chill-Out; and a convertible sports car called Max-Out. 





 Grid View























































































Nissan didn’t release any specs or details about the future, but from the look of it, the Chill-Out concept SUV seems to be closest to production. It looks similar to the Ariya but utilizes the company’s smaller CMF-EV platform, which means it will probably be slightly cheaper than the $47,000 Ariya. 





 Grid View














































































The Max-Out is the sportiest concept, with a low-slung stance and an emphasis on speed and performance. Nissan says that it will include dynamic cornering and a steering response that’s balanced with limited body roll to optimize driver and passenger comfort. 





 Grid View









































































































The Hang-Out is presented as an amalgam of mobility and “personal space,” with a lounge-like interior and adjustable seating. A completely flat floor extends from the front to the rear of the vehicle. And like the other concepts, it has Nissan’s e-4ORCE all-wheel-drive setup and ProPilot driver assistance technologies.





 Grid View


















































































































The Surf-Out is undoubtedly the stand-out of the bunch, with a minimalist interior and a rear lighting scheme that is fairly unique. Nissan says the pickup will have off-road capabilities and an outboard generator of some kind. 
Nissan has long been a leader in electric vehicle sales, despite really only having one EV — the functional-if-uninspiring Nissan Leaf hatchback — on the market. The company unveiled the Ariya against the backdrop of corporate turmoil, executive turnover, plummeting sales, and pandemic-related cost-cutting at Nissan.

Need a new phone? Cyber Monday is a great time to be shopping for a phone for yourself or as a gift to your nearest and dearest this holiday season. This is the time of year when retailers and carriers are dropping their best deals, whether it’s to make room for next year’s models or to sign up new cellular customers. Android users can cash in on a number of excellent deals from the likes of Samsung, Google, OnePlus, and Motorola; however, Apple is notoriously stingy when it comes to iPhone discounts. You might get a gift card or a pair of AirPods when buying an iPhone, or a carrier might offer a higher trade-in value for a “free” iPhone.
Here are all the best Cyber Monday phone deals we’ve found so far. If possible, we recommend buying an unlocked phone, so there won’t be any strings attached to the purchase. If we include a carrier promotion, we’ll call out each requirement necessary to get the deal. Given all the supply issues many phone makers have been having all year, there might not be a lot of stock available out there. Good luck!


    Related
  
The best Cyber Monday deals happening now
The Verge Cyber Monday 2021 live blog
The best phone to buy right now

 









iPhone 13s in a rainbow of cases.
The Verge


Apple iPhone Deals
From our experience, Apple doesn’t offer price cuts on any of its iPhone models. At most, you’ll get a pair of free AirPods and/or a gift card to use toward a future purchase. 
iPhone SE

The best deal so far is on a prepaid, 64GB iPhone SE (2020), which is now $199 at Walmart with Walmart Family Mobile — that’s a 50 percent discount on a phone with the same chipset as the iPhone 11 and will get four years of software support from Apple.
You can get a free pair of Beats Studio Buds in black and a virtual gift card for up to $200 if you purchase an iPhone SE and activate it on Visible Wireless. You’ll need to transfer your number and make at least three months of payments before you’ll be able to redeem your gift, however. Read our full review.
You can get 12 months of your Mint Mobile data plan for free if you port your number to Mint and purchase an iPhone SE (2020), which is available in several configurations starting at $579. Read our full review.


iPhone 13, 13 mini, 13 Pro, and 13 Max


You can get $300 on a Walmart e-gift card with the purchase of an iPhone 13 or iPhone 13 Mini on either AT&T or Verizon. The exact amount depends on which iPhone you choose (see below), and you can also get an additional $250 Walmart e-gift card by trading in an eligible phone. The deal runs through December 3rd, but you need to activate the new phone no later than December 3rd at 11:59PM local time to take advantage of the deal. If you prefer to get this deal and trade-in squared away in person, you need to schedule an in-person appointment, starting as early as 5AM on November 26th. This in-store deal also ends on December 3rd.
You can get a free pair of wireless earbuds and a virtual gift card for up to $200, depending on which iPhone your purchase and activate on Visible Wireless. You’ll need to transfer your number and make at least three months of payments before you’ll be able to redeem your gift, however. If you opt for an iPhone 13, iPhone 13 Pro, or iPhone 13 Pro Max, you’ll get a pair of AirPods Pro. If you buy an iPhone 13 mini, you’ll get a pair of Beats Studio Buds.
You can get six months of your Mint Mobile data plan for free if you port your number to Mint and purchase an iPhone 13 Pro or iPhone 13 Pro Max, which start at $1,000 and $1,100, respectively.
You can get up to $1,000 off an iPhone 13 Pro, and $130 off a second-gen pair of AirPods, when you sign up for the Magenta Max plan with eligible trade-ins. This deal is available to new and existing customers.


iPhone 12, 12 mini, 12 Pro, and 12 Pro Max


At Walmart, you can get a Walmart e-gift card for $350 with the purchase of and iPhone 12 on either AT&T or Verizon. You can also get an additional $250 Walmart e-gift card by trading in an eligible phone. This deal runs through December 3rd, but you need to activate the new phone no later than December 3rd at 11:59PM local time to take advantage of the deal. If you prefer to get this deal and trade-in squared away in person, you need to schedule an in-person appointment, starting as early as 5AM local time on November 26th. The in-store deal also runs through December 3rd.
You can get a free pair of Beats Studio Buds in black and a virtual gift card for up to $200 if you purchase an iPhone 12 mini, Pro, or Pro Max and activate it on Visible Wireless. You’ll need to transfer your number and make at least three months of payments before you’ll be able to redeem your gift, however.
You can get six months of your Mint Mobile data plan for free if you port your number to Mint and purchase an iPhone 12, which starts at $729.



Verge Deals on Twitter
    Join our over 40,000 followers, and keep up with our best daily tech deals with @vergedeals
  

Follow us!


 









Many of the 2021 Black Friday and Cyber Monday deals are for the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 3 5G.
Photo by Dan Seifert / The Verge


Samsung phone deals
This year’s Samsung phone deals aren’t much better than Apple’s: you get a free pair of Galaxy Buds 2, but there aren’t any deep price cuts unless you have some devices you can trade in. 

The best deal so far is $500 off the Galaxy Z Flip 3 at Best Buy. It’s just $500 for the Verizon and unlocked (T-Mobile and Sprint) models when activating today. Read our full review.

The next best deal might be at Walmart, where you can get a $500 Walmart gift card with the purchase and activation of the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 3 5G. Read our full review.

We also dig the Samsung Galaxy S20 FE, now on sale at Walmart for $249 (limited availability). Typically $699, the flagship phone features a 6.5-inch 1080p display with a 120Hz refresh rate but in a plastic body. Read our full Galaxy S21 FE review.



















Samsung Galaxy S20 FE




                $249
              

                $699
              

                  65% off
                





Literally called the “Fan Edition,” the Samsung Galaxy S20 FE is an affordable variant of the Galaxy S20 family, but with some flagship-level features like an OLED display with 120Hz refresh rate. This Walmart deal is only for Straight Talk customers, and is valid only online and in-store through November 28th. 







              $249
              

at Walmart
            





Samsung is offering an unlocked Samsung Galaxy Note 20 Ultra for as low as $825 with an eligible trade-in, where the maximum credit is $425. Read our full review.
Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 3 5G 

Target is not offering a price cut on the unlocked, 128GB Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 3 5G, but it is throwing in a $200 gift card and a free pair of Galaxy Buds 2 into the $1,000 bundle.
Samsung is offering an unlocked Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 3 5G with 128GB storage for $100 $75 off, bringing the price down to $925 and including a pair of Galaxy Buds 2 with every purchase. You can also trade in up to two devices for a maximum of $600 in credit.


















Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 3 (128GB) with free Galaxy Buds 2




                $925
              

                $1,000
              

                  8% off
                





Samsung’s Galaxy Z Flip 3 is a foldable phone with a non-foldable price tag. The unique, water-resistant device comes with a Qualcomm Snapdragon 888 processor and 120Hz display, as well as 5G support.







              $925
              

at Samsung
            





You can get a $500 Walmart gift card with the purchase and activation of a Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 3 5G on AT&T or Verizon. You could also get up to an additional $250 Walmart e-gift card by trading in an eligible phone. This offer runs through December 3rd, but you need to activate the new phone no later than December 3rd at 11:59PM local time to take advantage of the deal. If you prefer to get this deal and trade-in squared away in-store, you need to schedule an in-person appointment, starting as early as 5AM local time on November 26th.
Samsung Galaxy Z Fold 3 5G

Samsung is currently offering an unlocked Samsung Galaxy Z Fold 3 5G with 265GB storage for $1,550 $1,600 (originally $1,800) and throwing in a pair of Galaxy Buds 2 for free. If you have up to two devices to trade in, you can get a maximum of $900 in credits. 
Best Buy is offering an unlocked Samsung Galaxy Z Fold 3 5G with 256GB of internal storage for $1,400 if you activate it with a carrier on the same day, a $400 savings discount on the $1,800 foldable. You’ll even get a free pair of Galaxy Buds 2.

Samsung Galaxy S21 FE
The Samsung Galaxy S20 FE will be a cool $249 at Walmart for Straight Talk Wireless customers, a $450 price discount on its original price of $699. Literally known as the “Fan Edition,” the S20 FE has the best features from the flagship S20 line, like a 6.5-inch 1080p display with a 120Hz refresh rate, but with a plastic body and a more basic-but-still-good triple camera system. The deal is valid only online and in-store through November 28th. 











The Pixel 5A has all the perks of being a Pixel but without the flagship-level pricing. 
Photo by Allison Johnson / The Verge


Google Pixel phone deals

















Google Pixel 5A




                $399
              

                $449
              

                  12% off
                





As the mid-range Pixel phone, the Pixel 5A does the basics very well with IP67 water resistance, a great camera, and timely software updates.







              $399
              

at Google Store
            






The already budget-friendly Pixel 5A just got cheaper, with Google knocking an extra $50 off to bring its Black Friday / Cyber Monday price down to just $399. This unlocked 5G phone has all the perks of being a Pixel but without the flagship-level pricing of the new Pixel 6 and Pixel 6 Pro. What you’ll get: three years of software support (including Android 12), some water protection (IP67), a 4620mAh battery, and a best-in-class camera. Read our full review.
If you want a Pixel 6 and plan on being a Verizon customer anyway, you might as well buy and activate your phone from Best Buy for $550, a savings of $150. Read our full review.












The OnePlus Nord N200 5G is a budge-friendly 5G phone with some fancy tricks.
Photo by Allison Johnson / The Verge


OnePlus phone deals

All the OnePlus Black Friday deals seem to agree that the already budget-friendly OnePlus Nord N200 5G should be cheaper than $240, with Walmart dropping its price to a jaw-dropping $99 for Metro by T-Mobile customers. It has some fancy features like a 1080p display that refreshes at 90Hz and a 5,000mAh battery, but it only includes 64GB of internal storage. This deal is only valid online and in-store through November 28th. Read our full review.

The unlocked OnePlus Nord N200 5G is now $200 at Amazon and Best Buy. Read our review.

The unlocked OnePlus 9, which has flagship-level features like the Qualcomm Snapdragon 888 processor and 120Hz display, is down to $600 at Amazon and Best Buy. Read our full OnePlus 9 review.
The OnePlus 9 Pro is getting a $170 discount at Amazon and Best Buy, bringing the price of the unlocked premium flagship down to $899 in both green and silver. Read our full review.


Motorola phone deals













        
          Motorola Moto G Pure 
        
      



Motorola Moto G Pure




                $150
              

                $160
              

                  7% off
                





Motorola’s Moto G Pure is good enough for most casual users. Despite its slower performance and paltry 32GB of storage, it has a very capable main camera and works on all the major 4G networks in America. 







              $150
              

at Amazon
            





              $150
              

at Motorola
            







Motorola is currently offering $10 off a 32GB unlocked Moto G Pure, bringing the sale price down to $150. In fact, if you have an eligible trade-in device, you could even land the G Pure for $1 at Motorola. The 32GB model is also available at Target and Amazon for the same sale price. Read our full review.
A number of retailers — including Best Buy, Motorola, and Target — are offering an unlocked 2021 Moto G Stylus with 128GB of storage and a built-in stylus for $230 rather than $300. It’s a good device, whether you’re a stylus fan or not. Read our full review.
The second-gen Moto Razr 5G is now on sale with 256GB of storage in black for $800 at Best Buy and Motorola (black and silver), down from $1,400. Read our full review.
You can get the unlocked Moto G Power (2021) with 64GB of storage for $180 (originally $250) at Best Buy and Target. The 32GB model is also available from the same retailers, but we recommend paying the $10 difference to get double the storage. Read our full review.
If you want an unlocked phone with a 6.7-inch 1080p screen, then the 2021 Motorola One 5G Ace is a good choice. The phone is currently available at Best Buy with 128GB of onboard storage for $300, a healthy $100 off of its original price tag. Read our full review.
With 128GB storage and an HDMI cable that allows you to extend the functionality of the phone to the big screen, the Moto G 100 looks to be a respectable midrange device. Right now, you can buy the unlocked model for just $450 from Motorola, down from $600.
The unlocked Motorola Edge 5G (2020) is now $380 from B&H Photo, which amounts to around $300 in savings. The phone supports sub-6GHz 5G, has an OLED display that refreshes at 90Hz, and features 256GB of storage. 

Other Android phone deals

The TCL 10L with 6GB RAM and 64GB internal storage is available for $170 at Amazon through TCL, down from $250. The 256GB model is also available for $250, a $50 savings.
The Nokia X100, the budget 4G phone with a 1080p display, is “free” at T-Mobile when you add a new line and commit to a 24-month payment plan. Normally, the phone costs $252.
An unlocked Nokia 8.3 5G is on sale for $400 at B&H Photo, down from $600. It has dual-SIM, 128GB of storage, and the PureView quad-camera system with Zeiss lenses.
The Sony Xperia 1 III 5G, a phone made for serious photographers, is currently getting a $100 discount at B&H Photo, dropping the price to $1,198. It supports sub-6GHz 5G and features a dual-SIM and 256GB of storage.








        Sign up for the
        
          newsletter
        
      
      Verge Deals
    
Subscribe to get the best Verge-approved tech deals of the week.






Just one more thing!
Please confirm your subscription to Verge Deals via the verification email we just sent you.




Email (required)






        By signing up, you agree to our Privacy Notice and European users agree to the data transfer policy.
        
      
Subscribe








There is never a better time to dive into the smart home than Cyber Monday. Traditionally, tech deals on home gadgets are huge this time of year, plus, it’s the only time you’ll find real bargains on gear from some of the smaller companies, such as Eve, Level, and Nanoleaf. 
Whether you’re thinking about dipping a toe into this home automation shindig with a smart speaker or maybe a connected door lock, or want to bolster an already impressive smart home setup, it’s worth investing some cash this holiday season.
Also, if you just want to upgrade your home cleaning routine or have a way to check in on Fido now that you’re back at work (the separation anxiety is real), this is a good time to get a great bargain on smart cameras, robot vacuums, and even a smart mop. Here’s our roundup of the best deals on smart home gear you can buy right now.
Looking for more deals? Be sure to check out our continuously updated roundup of all the best Cyber Monday deals happening now. 










Eero’s mesh Wi-Fi products are 40 percent off right now.
Photo by Dan Seifert / The Verge


Mesh Wi-Fi router deals
The foundation of any smart home is good Wi-Fi, and if you’re looking to start out or are having trouble with connections in your home, a mesh Wi-Fi router is the way to go.
Eero is offering up to 40 percent off its excellent Eero Pro 6 mesh Wi-Fi routers that have Thread radios built-in (and which Eero has said will get upgraded to the new smart home standard Matter, when it arrives next year). The Eero Pro 6 two-pack is selling on Amazon for $299, a savings of $100. The slightly less powerful Eero 6 is down to $167 from $279 for a two-pack. Read our Eero review. 


    Related
  
The best early Cyber Monday deals happening now


















Google Nest Wifi 3 pack




                $249
              

                $349
              

                  29% off
                





A Google Nest Wifi 3 pack  comes with one router and two points and can cover a home of up to 5,400 square feet, and the points double as Nest smart speakers.







              $249
              

at Walmart
            





              $249
              

at Best Buy
            





Google has discounted its Nest Wifi mesh networking system this week. Save $100 off a router and two points (now $249, regularly $349), both of which also double as Google Nest smart speakers. You can currently pick up these deals at Walmart, Best Buy and Google’s own store. Read our review of Google Nest Wifi.











Get your Wyze camera for almost nothing when you buy a Google Nest smart display.
Image: Wyze


Smart speakers and thermostat deals


Amazon’s stalwart Echo Dot smart speaker third-gen can be had at Amazon for just $20 right now with six months of Amazon Music thrown in (down from $40). That’s a great deal on a still good speaker to control your smart home.


The latest Echo Dot with a clock is $25 off, for $35 (down from $60), you can get 25 percent off with a trade-in, too. Or go clock-less and get the Echo Dot for $30, down from $50. Both of these great little smart speakers can come with a free smart bulb, too, if you choose.
The spherical Echo fourth-gen with the built-in Zigbee smart home hub (which Amazon has also committed to upgrading to Matter) is now also almost half off at Amazon, selling for $59.99 as opposed to $99.99. Read our Echo fourth-gen review.



















Echo smart speaker (fourth-gen)




                $60
              

                $100
              

                  41% off
                





The newest spherical smart speaker from Amazon packs in powerful sounds with some serious smart home chops.







              $60
              

at Amazon
            






For an Alexa-powered smart display, the 2019 model Show 8 is a Verge favorite and is just $59.99, down from $109.99, at Amazon. The 2020 model Echo Show 8 is $89.99, down from $129.99.
A smart display that’s a great bedside companion thanks to its sleep-tracking, the Google Nest Hub 2nd Gen is on sale for $49.99, a savings of $50, at Google, Best Buy, Walmart, and Target. 
If you’re thinking you might want to connect a security camera to your smart display, Wyze is offering its Wyze Cam v3 with a Google Nest Hub for $69.99 at Wyze, so you’re getting the $35 camera for just $10.  
The gorgeous Nest Learning Smart Thermostat is $70 off at Best Buy and Amazon in four finishes and is a great option for smart climate control with a side of serious style. It’s also the only Nest thermostat you can buy directly that works with Amazon Alexa’s smart voice assistant.











The new Google Nest Cam with floodlight is $50 off.
Photo by Jennifer Tuohy / The Verge


Smart security camera and security system deals 
While not quite a security system, the myQ Chamberlain Smart Garage Control allows you to ensure you closed the garage door even when you’re not home. It’s also the only garage door opener compatible with the Amazon Key service, allowing packages to be delivered into your garage for safer keeping. For Cyber Monday you can get the smart garage control system at Amazon for just $17 (saving you $13). 

















myQ Chamberlain Smart Garage Control




                $17
              

                $30
              

                  44% off
                





The mQ Chamberlain Smart Garage Control comes with a Wi-Fi and Bluetooth-equipped hub and sensor, allowing you to close or open your garage door with your smartphone from any location.







              $17
              

at Amazon
            






The cheapest Ring video doorbell, Ring Video Doorbell Wired, gets even cheaper with an $18 price cut to $41.99 at Amazon. Plus, you can get an Echo Dot smart speaker with it for free with this bundle. The Ring Wired uses existing doorbell wiring and works over 2.4 GHz Wi-Fi.
For a battery-powered option, the new Blink video doorbell is just $34.99 at Amazon, a savings of $10, and it can also be wired if you prefer.
The tiny Blink Mini camera is selling for even less. Just $20 at Amazon right now, down from $34.99, this is the cheapest indoor smart security camera you can buy right now.
For outside surveillance, Google’s very good Nest Cam with floodlight is $50 off ($229.99 instead of $279.99) at Best Buy. You’ll want to make sure you can mount this on the side of your house first, as it has a rather awkward under-the-eave install. Read our review of this floodlight camera.

Speaking of Google, the older, hardwired Nest Doorbell is $80 off at Google, Walmart, Best Buy, and Target, dropping the price to $149. This is still one of the best smart doorbells, despite its age. A new model is coming in 2022, but this is a great price on a long-standing product from Google.


















Ecobee SmartCamera




                $70
              

                $100
              

                  31% off
                





Small but mighty, this indoor security camera can be a security camera or a baby monitor and thanks to a wide, 180-degree field of view, can pan and tilt to take in your entire room.







              $70
              

at Best Buy
            





              $70
              

at Amazon
            






Abode’s great little Abode Cam 2, an indoor / outdoor camera that works with or without an Abode system, is $24.95 at Abode and Amazon. If you want to add a security system, too, Abode has an excellent bundle exclusively on its website for $299, a savings of $300. It includes the Abode Cam 2, the security gateway, a keypad, two door sensors, a motion sensor, a keyfob, and an Echo Show 5, with the option of professional monitoring.
Another smart security deal is the Ecobee SmartCamera with voice control for $69.99 (regularly $99.99). This versatile indoor camera works with Alexa, Google, and HomeKit. Pair it with Ecobee’s SmartSensors ($59.99 for two, $20 off) and Ecobee SmartThermostat (now $50 off at $199), and it can be a professionally or self-monitored home security system that automatically turns off when it sees someone it recognizes. Find the deals at Ecobee.com, Amazon, and Best Buy through Wednesday, December 1st.
Ring is offering a slew of discounts on its excellent second-gen home security system, which is one of the few systems that integrates with a wide array of security cameras — including Ring’s video doorbells, indoor camera, and outdoor cameras (with or without spotlights and floodlights). You can get the basic five-piece kit for $80 off ($119 instead of $199) and the eight-piece for $100 off ($149.99 instead of $249.99) through November 29th at Ring and Amazon. Ring offers professional monitoring as well. The newer version, the Ring Alarm Pro that includes an Eero Wi-Fi router, local storage of video, and 24/7 LTE backup for your internet connection, costs $299.99 for an eight-piece kit though it isn’t part of Ring’s holiday sale.











Level’s line of invisible smart locks rarely goes on sale.
Photo by Dan Seifert / The Verge


Smart locks and lighting deals 

If you’re looking to upgrade your door lock, the Level Lock is a very good, usually very pricey solution. The Level Lock Touch Edition is currently on sale for $233 at Amazon, a savings of $96, which allows touch-to-open, access with a key card, as well as app, voice, and regular key control. If you don’t want the touch option, the regular Level Lock is down to $187 (from $249) at Amazon, and if you want to keep your existing lock, the Bolt that just replaces the inner workings of your deadbolt, is $149 at Amazon ($50 off). The deals are available at Best Buy and Level, though Amazon has the bette pricing. Read our review of the Level Lock and Bolt.

The rarely discounted Lutron Caséta Wireless Smart Lighting Dimmer Switch Starter Kit is on sale at Best Buy and Amazon for $20 off, down to $79.99 from $99.99 for an in-wall switch and remote control, plus a Lutron hub. 


















Lutron Aurora




                $30
              

                $40
              

                  26% off
                





This Lutron Aurora dimmer works exclusively with Philips Hue lights and connects wirelessly to a Hue system to dim, turn on and off, and change scenes with a press. It’s installed on top of a regular toggle switch.







              $30
              

at Amazon
            





              $30
              

at Best Buy
            






You can pick up the Lutron Aurora Smart Bulb Dimmer Switch for Philips Hue smart bulbs at Amazon and Best Buy for $10 off, now $29.99. This pops on top of a traditional toggle switch to stop people killing the power to your smart bulbs, while providing a physical way to turn the bulbs on and off and dim without having to use an app.
The best deal on smart lighting right now comes direct from Philips. A three-pack of Hue white and color A19 bulbs costs just $80 (down from $135), making it even more affordable to add a unique vibe to your space. These bulbs have Bluetooth support, so you don’t need the Hue Bridge to get started but if you pick one up later it will add a lot more functionality.
If you prefer to get your starter bulbs with the Hue Bridge included, it’s $50 off a White & Color Ambiance A19 LED Starter Kit at Best Buy, ($140 instead of $190). Best Buy also has the three-pack of Bluetooth color-changing bulbs on their own for $100, down from $134.99, though the deal from Philips right now is better.


















Philips Hue White & Color Ambiance A19 LED Starter Kit 




                $140
              

                $190
              

                  27% off
                





The original smart lighting company, Philips Hue still offers some of the best features and integrations for anyone looking to add some color to their home. This starter kit includes a Hue Bridge, three A19 bulbs and a wall-mountable dimmer switch for those who prefer physical controls. 







              $140
              

at Best Buy
            







One of the best Philips Hue deals today is the Light Strip starter kit, which is just $50 at Amazon right now. That is a savings of $60 off the regular price for an 80-inch LED strip that can add color-changing accent light to anywhere in your place.

Brilliant is offering a free Brilliant Dimmer Switch worth $69.99 when you buy one of its all-in-one light switch / smart home controllers at Amazon. The Brilliant switches may seem pricey for a light switch but double as whole-home controllers, letting you control compatible lighting, music, cameras, locks, and scenes right from the switch. The Brilliant switches come in one, two, three, or four gang setups starting at $399 and going up to $549, and the free, compatible Dimmer Switch adds smart lighting control to a circuit of lights.











The Roborock S7 vacuum and mop is seeing its first discounts this Black Friday and Cyber Monday.
Image: Roborock


Smart robot vacuum deals
This first-time deal on Roborock’s flagship robot vacuum-and-mop-in-one is running through November 29th. The Roborock S7 is a mopping and vacuum hybrid robot that is smart enough to raise its mop when it meets carpet, so it can clean all your surfaces. The S7 is now $454.99 (regularly $649.99), a discount of $195, at Amazon. The Roborock S7+, the bot plus an auto-empty dock, is also on sale with a 30 percent discount of $229.49 taking it down to $719.99 (regularly $949.48) at Amazon. Be sure to check the coupon code to get the full discount.

















Roomba i3+ and Brava Jet m6 bundle




                $585
              

                $850
              

                  32% off
                





This robot combo will vacuum, empty itself and then send its mopping buddy out to make your floors shine. The Roomba line also works with Alexa voice and app control. 







              $585
              

at Best Buy
            






The holiday season is the time to jump on whole-home automated cleaning, and iRobot’s robot vac Roomba i3 Plus with self-emptying base and a Braava Jet m6 mop bundle is a steal at $585 (regularly $850)  at Best Buy. You can also pick up the Roomba i3 Plus with Clean Base on its own for $399, regularly $599.
If you’ve steered clear of robot vacuums because you don’t want to tidy up every time you run one (the cable clutter struggle is real) or empty the tiny bin — ever — Samsung’s Jet Bot AI Plus with Self Empty Clean Station is now $999.99, down from $1,299. Its AI does a good job of avoiding anything you place in its path and you can grab this deal at Samsung.com through December 1st.








        Sign up for the
        
          newsletter
        
      
      Verge Deals
    
Subscribe to get the best Verge-approved tech deals of the week.






Just one more thing!
Please confirm your subscription to Verge Deals via the verification email we just sent you.




Email (required)






        By signing up, you agree to our Privacy Notice and European users agree to the data transfer policy.
        
      
Subscribe




Correction, November 23rd 12:16PM: The Samsung Jet Bot AI Plus is selling for $999.99, not $99.99 as an earlier version of this article stated. We regret the error.

When gyms and fitness boutiques closed their doors in early 2020, it was fitness tech’s moment to shine. Stuck at home, people needed new ways to stay active — and for many, that meant stepping into the world of connected fitness. Nintendo Ring Fit Adventure was impossible to find. Fitness influencers turned to Instagram to broadcast live workouts. Even big tech companies started getting into wearables or launching their own on-demand fitness services. But no one had a year quite like Peloton. 
Ironically, Peloton started 2020 as the butt of everyone’s jokes thanks to a terrible holiday commercial gone viral. Nobody was laughing a few short months later. When lockdowns began, Peloton started by offering a free 90-day trial to its app — no bike purchase necessary. By mid-2020, Peloton said it had 1.1 million subscribers and posted its first-ever profit. Amid heavy shipping delays caused by skyrocketing demand, Peloton slashed the price of its original Bike and introduced two new products: the Bike Plus and a lower-cost treadmill. By the end of the year, it spent $420 million to buy Precor, one of the world’s largest commercial fitness equipment makers. It kicked off 2021 by dropping another $100 million to fix shipping delays and yet another $400 million to build a factory in Ohio. The millions it dropped in investment then bolstered rumors the company was working on new products ranging from wearables to rowers. 
Peloton was signaling it planned for a robust post-pandemic future. It seemed nothing could stop that momentum — at least, until a few months ago. Over the summer, Peloton recalled both its treadmills following reports of several injuries and, in one instance, a child’s death. With the COVID-19 vaccines, restrictions were relaxed, and people began returning in droves to brick-and-mortar gyms. Sales stalled, even as Peloton cut the price of its original bike down to $1,495. In a reversal of fortunes, Peloton recently reported a net loss of $376 million for Q1 2022, sending its stock into freefall the same day Planet Fitness reported it had exceeded expectations. Peloton CEO John Foley admitted in an investor call that the company had misjudged how things could change after people started getting back to normal life. 
In the past year, the Peloton brand has become a household name. It often acts as a stand-in for the entire connected fitness category — much like how some people use Fitbit to describe all fitness trackers. For better or worse, Peloton’s products and business model have served as a template for everyone else to follow.
But if everyone is copying Peloton’s playbook, it means they share the same pitfalls, too
Case in point, the influx of Peloton copycats. You’ve seen them before. The ones described as the “Peloton of their sport” because they target a different piece of gym equipment, slap a 20-inch touchscreen on it, and launch a competing on-demand service with leaderboards and peppy trainers. There are dozens of them, from more established at-home fitness brands like Mirror, Tonal, and Hydrow to more niche startups you’ve probably never heard of.
Each has modified Peloton’s formula to a different type of gym equipment and comes with its own celebrity investors and backers. Mirror was featured in the social media feeds of several actresses like Lady Gaga, Olivia Wilde, and Courtney Cox. Tonal has Amazon, Maria Sharapova, and Steph Curry. Hydrow is backed by Lizzo and Justin Timberlake. There are also more obvious copycats, like Equinox’s SoulCycle Bike, iFit’s NordicTrack Commercial S22i Studio Cycle, and Echelon’s entire catalog of cheap bikes and treadmills. 










Tonal requires a 12-month commitment and a professional installation crew.
Photo by Amelia Holowaty Krales / The Verge


But if everyone is copying Peloton’s playbook, it means they share the same pitfalls, too. Beyond obvious issues like cost, limited living space, and fickle motivation, connected fitness has an ecosystem problem. Many of these companies severely handicap their expensive hardware if you don’t subscribe to a membership while also limiting their digital content to said hardware. For instance, Hydrow’s FAQ explicitly states that “[membership] is an integral part of the Hydrow experience and should not be considered an optional part of purchasing.” If you choose to subscribe to Hydrow’s app only, it won’t let you record metrics taken from another rower. Although you can log into a friend’s Hydrow with the app-only subscription, you can’t activate a new one if you decide to buy your own even though you’re already a paying customer. Likewise, Mirror won’t even let you use its app unless you’ve bought the hardware. 
Linking hardware and software like this is meant to lock customers into one fitness ecosystem to the exclusion of all others. While most let you integrate your workout data with Strava, the hardware generally only lets you do one thing: stream one company’s workouts. You can’t download different entertainment apps or stream other workouts on a Peloton Bike unless you’re willing to jailbreak it and void the warranty. The SoulCycle Bike is the rare exception that includes Netflix and Disney Plus on top of its own content. The only problem is the Netflix and Disney Plus apps are locked behind the Equinox Plus paywall. You end up paying a premium for a piece of equipment that can only do one thing. 
The difference with connected fitness is these locked ecosystems exacerbate old problems and create new ones
With smaller players, you run the risk of losing a ton of money if the company shuts down. That’s what happened last year when Flywheel lost a patent dispute with Peloton over its leaderboards feature. One day, Flywheel owners found out their $1,999 bikes were bricked with no recourse other than to eat the loss or switch to Peloton. Flywheel may not end up as the only casualty either. Peloton isn’t afraid of the courtroom. It’s gone toe to toe with iFit before. It also recently filed two lawsuits against iFit and Echelon, alleging the two companies’ products cribbed its on-demand content. On top of calculating premiums, evaluating the digital content, and ensuring your home meets installation requirements, consumers also have the headache of researching whether a company’s fitness ecosystem is built for the long haul.
Most of these issues aren’t new. Single-use fitness equipment has been around for decades, taking up space in your home as expensive, glorified coat racks once your New Year’s resolutions peter out. The difference with connected fitness is these locked ecosystems exacerbate old problems and create new ones. Selling a Peloton is harder than selling a regular stationary bike. (Forget Tonal, which must be installed into your home’s wall studs by a professional crew.) Warranties, pre-paid subscriptions, and financing plans may not be transferable or refundable. Moving the devices to another location is an even greater hassle, thanks to the giant, fragile touchscreens. You may not even be able to place the device where you want due to Wi-Fi and other installation requirements. Worst of all, even if you figure this all out, you’re still on the hook for monthly fees for as long as you have the device.  
Right now, experts seem to think connected fitness is headed down the same post-pandemic path as remote work. As life returns to normal, consumers will likely adopt a hybrid of going to the gym and working out at home when it’s most convenient. But while investors rightly deduced that increased competition has led to Peloton, Hydrow, Mirror, and Tonal ramping up their marketing spending, no one has answered why single-use equipment, limited ecosystems, and expensive subscriptions are worth risking for untested fitness startups. Even Peloton is stumbling despite its devoted community base, impressive 92 percent yearly retention rate, and strong ecosystem of products and services. As the leader in the field, Peloton can withstand a few short-term setbacks. But if its competitors can’t sort out this ecosystem problem, it doesn’t bode well for its army of copycats. 
 Correction, 10:30AM ET November 29th, 2021: This article has been edited to clarify that Hydrow’s app-only subscription doesn’t allow activation of a new device, but does allow logging into a friend’s. We regret the error.

Halo Infinite is currently suffering from an influx of hackers and cheaters. Halo Infinite players have been reporting multiple instances of cheaters over the Thanksgiving weekend, with recordings showing people clearly using aimbots and wallhacks to cheat. It’s the latest game to be hit by an increase in cheating across the world’s biggest PC games.
Reddit and Twitter users have been posting clips of cheaters, where you can clearly see them snapping to players and getting killing sprees, or tracing rival players through walls. Most of these cheaters are clearly using third-party software on PC, and it has led many players to call for an option to disable crossplay.


Halo Infinite Cheating from
      haloinfinite



Halo Infinite currently mixes players across PC and Xbox in quick-play modes and even most ranked modes unless PC players are playing solo or in a pair. While disabling crossplay could fix most cheaters for console players, cheats also exist on the console side through third-party controllers like Cronus. These modified controllers allow players to reduce recoil, increase the effects of aim assist, and generally outplay opponents.
Unlike many other PC games, Halo Infinite doesn’t use an anti-cheat solution like Easy Anti-Cheat, BattlEye, or even a custom client-side detection system. Instead, 343 Industries has opted for a server-side behavior-based system that’s supposed to detect cheaters and boot them out of the game.


Nice here’s a clip I got . Lost my onyx 1600 to this diamond 1. This was today. pic.twitter.com/MNACUQinrJ— Kazuki Matsuno (@aNOOBuz) November 29, 2021





@343Postums @Unyshek Just matched another cheater/hacker in Halo Infinite. Guy’s gamertag is EUGENEYY on Xbox. Let me turn off cross-play until you guys can get an actual anti-cheat implemented. pic.twitter.com/G9hwahtBRK— Response (@jcb_response) November 26, 2021



This behavior-based system clearly isn’t working well yet, and cheat providers are advertising tools that include aimbots, wallhacks, infinite ammo, infinite abilities, infinite grenades, rapid fire mods, speed hacks, and even the ability to jump up to five times higher.
Halo Infinite players are understandably frustrated. As Halo Infinite is free to play, it’s likely easy for cheaters to create another Microsoft Account and keep evading bans. A lack of client-side anti-cheat could be a big problem unless 343 Industries gets on top of these hacks and can detect them properly.
Halo Infinite has had a popular debut on PC, with an all-time peak of more than 250,000 players on its first day of release earlier this month. The game has been averaging around 150,000 daily peaks since its release, too.
Cheaters have also been targeting games like CS:GO, Apex Legends, Call of Duty: Warzone, Destiny 2, PUBG, and many other popular multiplayer titles. While the cheating problems have certainly improved in games like Call of Duty: Warzone and Destiny 2, thanks to new anti-cheat systems, Halo Infinite seems to be the latest target for cheaters who just want to ruin the fun for everyone else.

Spider-Man: No Way Home is set to wrap up the current trilogy of Marvel Cinematic Universe Spider-Man movies soon, but Tom Holland’s incarnation of the web-slinging hero isn’t hanging up his suit just yet: Sony producer Amy Pascal has confirmed in an interview with Fandango that Holland will return for a future trilogy of Spider-Man movies that will continue to be set in the MCU. 
“This is not the last movie that we are going to make with Marvel — [this is not] the last Spider-Man movie. We are getting ready to make the next Spider-Man movie with Tom Holland and Marvel, it just isn’t part of… we’re thinking of this as three films, and now we’re going to go onto the next three. This is not the last of our MCU movies,” Pascal said.
“Marvel and Sony are going to keep going together as partners,” she added. 
“We are getting ready to make the next Spider-Man movie with Tom Holland and Marvel”
While it may seem obvious that more Holland-starring Spider-Man movies would be on the way, the unique licensing deals around the character mean that things are much more complicated. That’s because, unlike virtually every other major Marvel hero, the rights to Spider-Man (and his associated villains, allies, and side characters) aren’t owned by Disney — they’re owned by Sony, who picked up the rights to the character all the way back in 1998. 
A major 2015 agreement between the two companies allowed Marvel Studios to integrate the character into the incredibly popular Marvel Cinematic Universe series of films, in exchange for Marvel Studios co-producing Spider-Man films set in that same universe for Sony Pictures. 


    Related
  
The Cyber Monday streaming deals for Hulu, YouTube TV, and more

That deal has seen its ups and downs over the years, with drama in 2019 seeing a dispute between Sony and Disney almost end the deal over profit-sharing negotiations from the MCU films (the first two of which have nearly hit a combined $2 billion at the box office), although the companies were able to patch things up a few weeks later with a new deal (the details of which are still largely unknown). 










Photo: Sony Pictures Entertainment


That quirk of licensing leads to a lot of the weirdness with the recent Spider-Man films — like the fact that Spider-Man: Homecoming and Spider-Man: Far From Home aren’t available on Disney Plus or why Tom Holland’s incarnation of the character has yet to appear in the recent Venom films or the upcoming Morbius. 
Since then, though, things appear to have been more amicable between the studios. Sony Pictures recently signed a deal that would license out future film releases for Disney’s streaming platforms starting in 2022. And Marvel Studios has already announced an animated prequel to its Spider-Man films, Spider-Man: Freshman Year, coming to Disney Plus in the future, too. 
Still, while Spider-Man’s future in Marvel Studios films is assured, Pascal was more coy about the character showing up in Sony-produced films in the future, telling Fandango that “[we] all want to keep making movies together. How’s that for an answer?” 
Correction December 1st, 12:25pm: Amy Pascal is a producer at her own production company, Pascal Pictures — not a Sony producer, as this article originally claimed. We regret the error. 

What can $50 get you these days? Turns out, quite a lot; you just need to know where to look. As Cyber Monday approaches, we’ve already rounded up all the best Cyber Monday deals happening now if you’re getting your shopping done early at retailers like Amazon, Target, Best Buy, and Walmart. But if you’re on a tight budget or looking for some gifts that won’t break the bank, you’ve come to the right place. Below are a few suggestions, all of which are available for under $50.


    Related
  
The best Cyber Monday deals under $25
The Verge’s favorite holiday gifts under $25
The best Cyber Monday deals happening now

Have a Nintendo Switch, a Go Pro, or phone/tablet/laptop that features a microSD slot? Treat it to a massive boost in storage capacity with SanDisk’s 400GB microSD card at Amazon for just $45. This card usually costs around $50.

















SanDisk 400GB microSD card




                $45
              

                $50
              

                  10% off
                





Usually around $50, SanDisk’s high-capacity microSD card is a convenient (and now, more affordable) way to add a bunch of storage to your device.







              $45
              

at Amazon
            





Amazon’s latest streaming stick is a solid alternative to both Roku and Chromecast devices. The Fire TV Stick 4K Max is currently enjoying a $20 discount at Amazon, bringing the final price down to just $35. In our review, Chris Welch stated that “the improvements are minor but worth the extra cash.” Armed with an extensive library of viewing apps, the Fire TV stick remains a great way to expand your viewing options, with a bare minimum of setup.

















Amazon Fire TV Stick 4K Max (2021)




                $35
              

                $55
              

                  37% off
                





Boasting an improved performance compared to the Fire TV Stick 4K, Amazon’s newest streaming stick also supports Wi-Fi 6, Dolby Vision, HDR, HDR10 Plus, and Dolby Atmos. Its newer remote, which comes with the stick, additionally offers handy shortcuts to live TV programming and apps.







              $35
              

at Amazon
            





The latest Roku Streaming Stick 4K, which just launched in September, is selling at Amazon at a record low. Normally $50, the retailer is offering the streaming device for just $29. The 2021 model is faster than its predecessor, comes with improved Wi-Fi performance, and supports Dolby Vision and HDR10 Plus. Roku’s players also now support AirPlay 2, which means you can use your iPhone, iPad, or Mac to easily cast content to the device. Read our review.


















Roku Streaming Stick 4K (2021 model)




                $30
              

                $50
              

                  41% off
                





The Roku Streaming Stick 4K supports all the major streaming services, as well as HDR10 Plus and Dolby Vision. It is also compatible with all three voice assistants: Siri, Alexa, and the Google Assistant.







              $30
              

at Target
            





Google’s accessible Roku alternative features support for Dolby Atmos and Dolby Vision and is currently on sale at Walmart and Best Buy for $40, a savings of $10 off the regular list price. The Chromecast with Google TV provides access to all of your favorite streaming services and has a built-in voice assistant to help you find your favorite shows. You can even cast media from your phone through the Chromecast app. Read our review.

















Chromecast with Google TV




                $40
              

                $50
              

                  20% off
                





The Chromecast with Google TV introduces new software that brings together recommendations from all of your streaming services. It also supports Dolby Vision and Dolby Atmos.







              $40
              

at Walmart
            





              $40
              

at Best Buy
            







A two-pack of Anker’s 20W Nano chargers is on sale at Amazon for $21 ($10 off), a great price if you’re looking for a capable USB-C charger for fast charging your devices.

Google’s lozenge-shaped Nest Mini is available for $25 at Best Buy and Walmart, half off the original price tag. In his review, Verge staffer Cameron Faulkner called the smart speaker a great sounding upgrade over the last-gen Home Mini.


















Google Nest Mini (second-gen)




                $25
              

                $49
              

                  50% off
                





The Nest Mini is Google’s smallest smart speaker, and it can bring Google Assistant to almost any area of your home. You can even mount it to your wall with no additional hardware.







              $25
              

at Walmart
            





              $25
              

at Best Buy
            





The Lenovo Smart Clock 2 incorporates a touchscreen display into a form factor that would be right at home on your bedside table. Normally $90, you can currently grab the Google Assistant-powered device, along with a free Lenovo Smart Blub, for just $40 at Walmart. Read our review.


Verge Deals on Twitter
    Join our over 40,000 followers, and keep up with our best daily tech deals with @vergedeals
  

Follow us!


If you’re in need of a few more buttons on your mouse, the wireless Basilisk X Hyperspeed has also been discounted at Target, bringing the price down to just $35. This is the lowest price we’ve seen for this high-performance gaming mouse and is an excellent value whether you’re a gamer or not.

















Razer Basilisk X HyperSpeed




                $35
              

                $60
              

                  42% off
                





The wireless version of Razer’s biggest mouse, the Razer Basilisk X HyperSpeed features six programmable buttons in addition to a scroll wheel with adjustable tension. The Basilisk sensor can increase to 16K DPI and can be paired with your system via Bluetooth or 2.4Ghz wireless.







              $35
              

at Target
            





These mini speakers from Creative are an awesome solution for beefing up your desktop audio without sacrificing space. Each speaker on the Creative Pebble 2.0 measures just 4.4 inches in diameter and can be powered by a standard USB-A port. Creative also has newer versions of the Pebble that use a single USB-C cable and feature Bluetooth connectivity, as well as a larger version that comes packaged with a modestly sized subwoofer. Regardless of which model you choose, however, they all fall below the $50 mark at Amazon.

















Creative Pebble 2.0




                $20
              

                $25
              

                  20% off
                





The Creative Pebble series of speakers are perfect for anyone that doesn’t have a ton of desk space but needs to power up their desktop audio.







              $20
              

at Amazon
            





If you’re looking for something a little less professional, Walmart is still selling a Fujifilm Instax Mini 7 Plus bundle for just $48, the first discount we’ve seen on the kit. In addition to the instant camera, the bundle includes a 10-pack of Instax film, an assortment of picture frames, and pins for hanging your prints.

















Fujifilm Instax Mini 7 Plus bundle




                $48
              

                $70
              

                  32% off
                





This adorable bundle includes the Fujifilm Instax Mini 7 Plus camera and accessories. The package comes in powder blue, mint green, or pink.







              $48
              

at Walmart
            





Abode is currently selling the Abode Cam 2 for just $25. An overall solid security camera, you’ll have a hard time finding a camera with the same features for less. The Abode Cam 2 can be mounted indoors or out, is motion-activated, and can record in low-light conditions. While the camera can operate independently, you’ll have to subscribe to Abode’s online service to unlock the more advanced features, such as a clip history, video timeline, and the ability to cache up to 10 days of footage.

















Abode Cam 2 




                $25
              

                $38
              

                  35% off
                





The Abode Cam 2 is a fantastic budget solution for indoor or outdoor surveillance. Compatible with both Alexa and Google Assistant, this weatherproof camera has two-way voice capability, motion detection, and low-light video recording.







              $25
              

at Abode
            












        Sign up for the
        
          newsletter
        
      
      Verge Deals
    
Subscribe to get the best Verge-approved tech deals of the week.






Just one more thing!
Please confirm your subscription to Verge Deals via the verification email we just sent you.




Email (required)






        By signing up, you agree to our Privacy Notice and European users agree to the data transfer policy.
        
      
Subscribe






Update: Jack Dorsey stepped down as CEO of Twitter, with Twitter CTO Parag Agrawal taking over. Dorsey will remain on the company’s board through “May-ish.” Original story follows. 
Jack Dorsey is expected to step down as CEO of Twitter “in the near term,” according to CNBC’s David Faber, who cited “a number of different people familiar with the situation.” Faber said he doesn’t “know much else” beyond that and wasn’t sure who might be brought in to replace him. The Verge has reached out to Twitter for comment.
Dorsey has been CEO of Twitter since 2015, presiding over a rocky but relatively successful run for the company. During the past couple years, Twitter has started to rapidly roll out new products and features. And while not all of them have been hits, they’ve suggested a transformation into a far more nimble company ready to adapt to its users interests.


BREAKING: Twitter CEO Jack Dorsey is expected to step down, sources say. https://t.co/T4ATgiGxbJ pic.twitter.com/DB2rhBvwrX— CNBC (@CNBC) November 29, 2021



Twitter’s board initially didn’t want Dorsey to run the company. Dorsey was — and continues to be — the CEO of Square, and board members felt running Twitter should be a full-time job. But after serving as interim CEO for several months, he eventually won them over. It’s Dorsey’s second stint as CEO, after briefly holding the role in 2007, shortly after founding the company and before being forced out in 2008.
More recently, Elliott Management, a major activist investor, tried to force Dorsey out of the job in 2020, concerned with his performance and Twitter’s growth. Dorsey managed to hang on after reaching a deal with the firm, but it was announced that a board committee would be formed to “evaluate the CEO succession plan.”
Dorsey has also increasingly turned his attention to tech beyond the core of Twitter. He tweets a lot about Bitcoin, Web3, and other decentralized technologies. Plus, he’s still the CEO of Square. Last night, Dorsey tweeted simply, “I love twitter.”


I love twitter— jack⚡️ (@jack) November 28, 2021



Update November 29th, 11AM ET: This story and its headline have been updated to note Dorsey’s announcement. The headline originally said Dorsey was reportedly close to stepping down.

Black Friday was longer than usual this year, with deals beginning weeks in advance, though Cyber Monday is the perfect end-cap to it. Several popular streaming services are offering a number of discounts for Cyber Monday. New and even some previous subscribers can, for example, enjoy a year of Hulu for just $0.99 a month. While that’s probably one of the best deals out there this year, other services are also great limited-time offers for new, past, and even existing subscribers alike. Below, we’ve curated some of the best we’ve seen this year to help you get the best bang for your buck.
Also, if you’re looking for deals outside of streaming, be sure to also check out our roundup of the best Cyber Monday deals happening now, where you’ll find discounts on everything from streaming devices and laptops to TVs and smart speakers.


    Related
  
The best Cyber Monday deals happening now
The Verge Cyber Monday 2021 live blog

Get one year of Hulu for $0.99 a month
Both new and returning customers can enjoy 12 months of Hulu’s ad-supported streaming service for just $1 per month if they subscribe before November 30th. Typically $7 a month — or $70, if you opt for an annual subscription — that equates to a $72 discount or about 85 percent off. Under this plan, two people are also allowed to simultaneously stream as well, and you can have up to six users profiles. You can also access all of Hulu’s TV shows and movies on multiple devices. However, returning customers can only reap the savings if they haven’t been a Hulu subscriber within the past month. 
New subscribers can get three months of TIDAL for $1
New subscribers can get three months of Tidal HiFi for just $1. In other words, you’ll essentially pay around $0.33 per month instead of $9.99 for unlimited access to more than 80 million songs and 350,000 music videos. Alternatively, you can get three months of Tidal HiFi Plus — which typically costs $19.99 a month, and comes with perks like Dolby Atmos support — for $2. The deal is valid through December 6th. 
Enjoy a free six-month trial of Apple Music and/or a free three-month trial of Apple TV Plus
Best Buy is offering new subscribers a free six-month trial of Apple Music, giving users ad-free access to 70 million songs. The retailer is also offering new subscribers a free three-month trial of Apple TV Plus. You must create a Best Buy account to take advantage of either deal, however.
Pay $2 for two months of a YouTube TV add-on channel
YouTube’s streaming TV service is selling individual add-on channels for $0.99 per month for the first two months, assuming you’re a new add-on subscriber. The deal extends to 22 add-ons that typically range between $2 and $10 a month, including Cinemax, Showtime, Starz, AMC Plus, and more (HBO excluded). For the unfamiliar, add-ons are separate from the over 85 channels included in YouTube TV’s base plan. The offer expires on November 30th.
You can get $50 off your first month of YouTube TV’s base plan
If you are interested in YouTube TV’s base plan, new subscribers can also try it free and then get $50 off their first month. The plan typically costs $65, so that means you’ll be paying $15 for more than 85 channels, including NFL, NBA, and MLB networks, PBS, BET, Comedy Central, MTV, and Nickelodeon. The plan also comes with unlimited cloud DVR storage space as well as rewind, fast forward, and pause capabilities.
Amazon’s offering some channels for $0.99 per month for up to two months, too
Amazon is offering more than 15 channels for $0.99 a month for up to two months as well. These include Paramount Plus Premium, Starz, Showtime, Discovery Plus, AMC Plus, PBS Masterpiece, Lifetime Movie Club, and more. This deal is only available to Prime members and will be valid through November 29th. 










The Mandalorian
Photo by Francois Duhamel / Lucasfilm


New and existing Amazon Music Unlimited subscribers can get up to six months of Disney Plus for free
Meanwhile, new Amazon Music Unlimited subscribers can enjoy six months of Disney Plus for free. Amazon Music Unlimited starts at $7.99 per month, which is the same price as Disney Plus, so this could save you around $42. Current and former subscribers are both eligible to receive three months of Disney Plus for free under this deal. 


    Related
  
The best Black Friday weekend deals on noise-canceling headphones 2021

AMC Plus is offering a one-year plan for $1.99 per month
If you’re ok with signing up with its annual plan, you can enjoy AMC Plus for $1.99 a month for 12 months. That means you’ll be paying around $24, which is a 72 percent discount on the service’s typical roughly $84 per year price.
Sign up for Showtime and pay $16 for five months instead of $55
New subscribers can enjoy a 30-day free trial of Showtime before paying $3.99 per month for four months. Normally, Showtime charges $10.99 per month, which means this is a 71 percent discount on a five-month membership, saving you $39. Unlike a lot of the other deals on this list, you have slightly longer to grab it, with the sale ending at 11:59PM PT on November 30th.
Get one month of Philo for $5
Philo normally costs $25 per month, but right now you can get the first month of your membership for $5 instead. Those who have never opted in to use a free trial are also eligible for this deal. You can get the discount by entering the code BFCM when signing up. This offer will last through the end of December 1st.
Discovery Plus is offering a $3, three-month plan
Discovery Plus is offering new subscribers the first three months of its ad-supported plan for $0.99 cents a month instead of $4.99. That means you’re getting 80 percent off the cost of a three-month subscription, paying $3 instead of $15. The deal ends on November 29th.










Star Trek: Discovery
CBS


You can get one month of Paramount Plus for free
New subscribers can get one month free of Paramount Plus’ ad-supported Essential plan or ad-free Premium ($9.99/month) plans at this link until November 29th. After your trial ends, Paramount will charge you $4.99 per month for the Essential plan and $9.99 per month for the Premium. The trial applies to both monthly and annual plans.
Get three months of Starz for $5 per month
Both former and new subscribers can get three months of Starz for $5 per month instead of $8.99. Note, however, this doesn’t include a free trial. Former subscribers must re-subscribe to redeem this offer.







        Sign up for the
        
          newsletter
        
      
      Verge Deals
    
Subscribe to get the best Verge-approved tech deals of the week.






Just one more thing!
Please confirm your subscription to Verge Deals via the verification email we just sent you.




Email (required)






        By signing up, you agree to our Privacy Notice and European users agree to the data transfer policy.
        
      
Subscribe










As part of its annual fashion awards, the British Fashion Council is adding a new category for 2021: an award for “metaverse design.” As broad as that might sound, the award was actually created in partnership with Roblox, and as such, the shortlist is limited to five Roblox creators. The winner, cSapphire, operates an in-app clothing boutique.
In keeping with the virtual nature of 2021, the award will be presented by an avatar of Gucci’s creative director Alessandro Michele (pictured above) inside a Roblox experience. Players will also be able to explore a virtual recreation of Royal Albert Hall to watch the awards. “This unique metaverse space BFC has created in collaboration with Roblox represents the future of fashion, and it’s been so fun to be a part of such an innovative experience,” model Karlie Kloss, who served as one of the judges, said in a statement.
While it’s something of a publicity stunt, the virtual event is part of an ongoing fusion of games and fashion. Gucci previously created a surreal fashion experience inside Roblox, along with some virtual sneakers, and has partnered with esports organization 100 Thieves. Meanwhile, the likes of Balenciaga, Louis Vuitton, Burberry, and Longchamp have all created in-game outfits for games like Fortnite and League of Legends.











In a recent memo, Tesla CEO Elon Musk has told the company’s employees to not sprint to make deliveries by the end of this quarter, and to instead focus on minimizing costs, CNBC reports. In the November 26th memo, Musk wrote that he doesn’t want the company “spending heavily on expedite fees, overtime and temporary contractors just so that cars arrive in Q4.”
“What has happened historically is that we sprint like crazy at end of quarter to maximize deliveries, but then deliveries drop massively in the first few weeks of the next quarter,” said Musk. “In effect, looked at over a six month period, we won’t have delivered any extra cars but we will have spent a lot of money and burned ourselves out to accelerate deliveries in the last two weeks of each quarter.” 
“What has happened historically is that we sprint like crazy at end of quarter to maximize deliveries”
The memo was sent a little over a month after Tesla was able to increase its global deliveries to over 241,000 in its latest quarter, despite global supply chain issues and a chip shortage that’s hit sales from other automakers like General Motors and Ford. CNBC notes that Tesla hasn’t released a clear delivery target for 2021, but that it loosely aims to increase deliveries by around 50 percent on an annual basis. It delivered 500,000 vehicles in 2020, and has already reported delivering 627,350 in the first three quarters of 2021. In this context, it looks like there’s less of a need for Tesla to rush to hit its targets.
That’s not to say that Tesla hasn’t faced any delivery challenges this year. In August, CNBC reported that some customers had seen their cars delayed by weeks or months due to parts shortages and manufacturing challenges at its Fremont plant. There were also reports this month of delivered cars missing features like USB ports, apparently as a result of the global chip shortage.
Electrek notes that this may not have been the first time Musk has told employees to focus on costs over delivery targets, but that the practice has nevertheless persisted within the company. This reportedly creates intense end-of-quarter pressures at Tesla, increases costs, and can lead to customers being rushed to take delivery of their cars. 
In his recent memo, Musk goes on to say that the company is expecting to experience a large delivery wave at the end of December, as shipments from California and China reach the east coast of the US and Europe respectively. But the CEO wants to reduce the size of these waves in the future, “in favor of a steadier and more efficient pace of deliveries.”
“The right principle is take the most efficient action, as though we were not publicly-traded and the notion of ‘end of quarter’ didn’t exist,” he wrote.



Australian Prime Minister Scott Morrison is introducing new defamation laws that would force online platforms to reveal the identities of trolls, or else pay the price of defamation. As ABC News Australia explains, the laws would hold social platforms, like Facebook or Twitter, accountable for defamatory comments made against users.
Platforms will also have to create a complaint system that people can use if they feel that they’re a victim of defamation. As a part of this process, the person who posted the potentially defamatory content will be asked to take it down. But if they refuse, or if the victim is interested in pursuing legal action, the platform can then legally ask the poster for permission to reveal their contact information.

And if the platform can’t get the poster’s consent? The laws would introduce an “end-user information disclosure order,” giving tech giants the ability to reveal a user’s identity without permission. If the platforms can’t identify the troll for any reason — or if the platforms flat-out refuse — the company will have to pay for the troll’s defamatory comments. Since the law is specific to Australia, it appears that social networks wouldn’t have to identify trolls located in other countries.
“The online world should not be a wild west”
“The online world should not be a wild west where bots and bigots and trolls and others are anonymously going around and can harm people,” Morrison said during a press conference. “That is not what can happen in the real world, and there is no case for it to be able to be happening in the digital world”
As noted by ABC News Australia, a draft of the “anti-troll” legislation is expected this week, and it likely won’t reach Parliament until the beginning of next year. It still remains unclear which specific details the platforms would be asked to collect and disclose. Even more concerning, we still don’t know how severe the case of defamation would have to be to warrant revealing someone’s identity. A loose definition of defamation could pose serious threats to privacy.
The proposed legislation is part of a larger effort to overhaul Australia’s defamation laws. In September, Australia’s High Court ruled that news sites are considered “publishers” of defamatory comments made by the public on their social media pages, and should be held liable for them. This has caused outlets like CNN to block Australians from accessing their Facebook page altogether. However, the ruling potentially poses implications for individuals running social pages, as the ruling implies that they can also be held responsible for any defamatory comments left on their pages.

If you missed out on a few great deals during Cyber Monday or Black Friday, don’t worry, you still have another chance to save big on some popular tech products. It’s “Cyber Week,” meaning that many retailers are still delivering some of the best deals of the year for you to grab all week long. Below, we’ve curated some of the top discounts you can still take advantage of on wireless noise-canceling headphones, earbuds, phones, laptops, TVs, video games, and more. Take a look, and if you like what you see,  you may want to buy the product sooner than later. These particular deals could disappear at a moment’s notice. 
If they do sell out, fret not. It’s very likely that December will bring some repeat deals, plus new sales because of the holidays. If you want to keep receiving the latest deal-related updates then even after this week is over so you can continue to save, subscribe to our Verge Deals newsletter. We compile the savings that you need to know about, then send them to you twice a week.


    Related
  
Know the holiday shipping and return policies for Apple, Google, Microsoft, and others

Deal highlights

















Lenovo Chromebook Duet (128GB)




                $249
              

                $299
              

                  17% off
                





The Chromebook Duet boasts long battery life and has a 16:10 aspect ratio display to fit more content on the screen at once. The Duet can be used as a tablet or a laptop. On the downside, it has just one USB-C port and no 3.5mm headphone jack.







              $249
              

at Best Buy
            






Lenovo’s Chromebook Duet is currently on sale at Best Buy for $249 ($100 off), matching the best price we’ve seen on the budget-friendly Chromebook, which comes with 4GB of RAM, 128GB of storage, and a detachable keyboard. Read our full review.
The 40mm, GPS version of the Apple Watch Series 6 is also available at Best Buy for $300, giving you another more affordable alternative to buying the latest Series 7.
Best Buy is currently running a buy two, get one free promotion on select Nintendo Switch games, including Super Mario Odyssey and Donkey Kong Country: Tropical Freeze.
Amazon is hosting a deal where it will knock $10 off when you spend at least $100 on select gaming items.
If you’re looking for a battery-powered doorbell, the new Blink video doorbell is just $35 at Amazon (with delayed shipping), a savings of $10. It can also be wired, if you prefer.
The tiny Blink Mini camera is selling for even less. Just $20 at Amazon right now, down from $35, this is the cheapest indoor smart security camera you can buy right now. Read our review.
The blue Ember Smart Mug 2, a 14-ounce mug that allows you to control the temperature thanks to a built-in battery, is down to $100 at Best Buy, $30 off the initial list price.
RAVPower is taking 35 percent off several of its chargers when you use various promo codes. You can, for instance, buy this $28 two-pack of 20W iPhone 13 chargers for $13 when you use promo code RT50, or this 90W battery bank for $58 instead of $89 with promo code CM35.

The best deals available on 4K TVs

















LG’s C1 OLED (48-inch)




                $1,197
              

                $1,297
              

                  8% off
                





LG’s C1 OLED starts with a 48-inch model, going up to 83 inches. All sizes of this OLED feature a 120Hz refresh rate, FreeSync and G-Sync support, and a fast processor.







              $1,197
              

at Amazon
            





              $1,199
              

at Best Buy
            





Amazon still has a sizeable discount on all sizes of one of the best TVs for gaming, the LG C1. The 48-inch model is on sale for $1,197 instead of $1,297, while the 55-inch is selling for $1,297 and the 65-inch for $1,797. Regardless of which configuration you choose, all sport several features gamers will love, including a 120Hz refresh rate, Dolby Vision HDR compatibility, and support for HDMI 2.1. Best Buy is offering the same discounts on the 55- and 65-inch models. 


    Related
  
The best deals on 4K TVs

The best deals available on streaming devices and services

















Roku Streaming Stick 4K (2021 model)




                $30
              

                $50
              

                  41% off
                





The Roku Streaming Stick 4K supports all the major streaming services, as well as HDR10 Plus and Dolby Vision. It is also compatible with all three voice assistants: Siri, Alexa, and the Google Assistant.







              $30
              

at Target
            





The latest Roku Streaming Stick 4K, which just launched in September, is selling at Target, and Best Buy at a record low. Normally $50, the retailer is offering the streaming device for around $30. The 2021 model is faster, comes with improved Wi-Fi performance, and supports Dolby Vision and HDR10 Plus. Roku’s players also now support AirPlay 2, which means you can use your iPhone, iPad, or Mac to easily cast content to the device. Read our review.


















Chromecast with Google TV




                $40
              

                $50
              

                  20% off
                





The Chromecast with Google TV introduces new software that brings together recommendations from all of your streaming services. It also supports Dolby Vision and Dolby Atmos.







              $40
              

at Walmart
            





              $40
              

at Best Buy
            






This accessible Roku alternative from Google features support for Dolby Atmos and Dolby Vision, and the current sale at the Google Store, Walmart, and Best Buy has brought the Chromecast with Google TV down to $40, saving you $10 off the regular price. The streaming device features access to all of your favorite streaming services and has a built-in voice assistant to help you find your favorite shows. You can even cast media from your phone through the Chromecast app. Read our review.
The Roku Streambar is discounted to just $80 at Amazon, $50 off the initial list price. It may not be the best-sounding soundbar out there, but the convenient all-in-one solution features a built-in Roku Streaming Stick 4K Plus, support for Apple’s AirPlay 2, and Bluetooth.



    Related
  
The Cyber Monday streaming deals for Hulu, YouTube TV, and more

The best deals available on laptops and tablets

















MacBook Air with M1 (13-inch)




                $900
              

                $999
              

                  10% off
                





The MacBook Air is Apple’s entry-level laptop, which comes outfitted with the company’s new M1 chip and in one of three different colors (silver, space gray, and gold).







              $900
              

at Best Buy
            





              $900
              

at Amazon
            






Apple’s MacBook Air with the M1 processor is $100 off at Best Buy and Amazon. This brings the starting price down to $900 for the base model that has 8GB of RAM and a 256GB SSD.
Razer is offering a $200 gift card to its online store when you purchase one of its Razer Blade 15 Base gaming laptops, which start at $1,799.99.
The Lenovo Yoga 9i remains one of our favorite alternatives to the Microsoft Surface line of ultrabooks and, right now, Best Buy is offering the slick 2-in-1 for $1,350. While this model received a similar discount a couple of months ago, it still remains a solid value. The foldable laptop boasts some impressive specs, too, with an 11th Gen Core i7 CPU, 512GB of storage, and Iris Xe integrated graphics. This hardware, paired with a 4K touchscreen display and a garaged stylus, makes the 9i a great choice for creators.


















Lenovo Yoga 9i




                $1,350
              

                $1,750
              

                  23% off
                





The Lenovo Yoga 9i is a portable, convertible laptop with standout audio and a garaged stylus.







              $1,350
              

at Best Buy
            






Many Surface Pro 7 models are discounted. Our recommended model is the configuration that includes an Intel Core i5 processor, 8GB of RAM, and 128GB of storage for $700 ($200 off). Note that this Surface also doesn’t include a Type Cove.
The latest model of the Dell XPS 13 takes what made last year’s model so great and makes it better. For Cyber Monday, Dell has marked down this configuration with an Intel Core i7-1195G7, 16GB of RAM, and a 512GB SSD to $1,229, taking about $400 off the regular MSRP. Read our review.


















Dell XPS 13 (2021)




                $1,229
              

                $1,629
              

                  25% off
                





The latest model of the Dell XPS 13 brings an 11th Gen Intel Core i7 CPU to bear and combines it with Intel Iris Xe graphics for an exceptionally powerful, yet compact, notebook.







              $1,229
              

at Dell
            







Samsung’s 11.6-inch Galaxy Chromebook 4 is now on sale for $180 instead of $250 at Amazon. This particular model includes 4GB of RAM and 64GB of onboard storage.
The Dell XPS 15 ultrabook is currently enjoying a solid discount. Dell has reduced the price of this particular configuration to $2,199, taking $396 off the usual price tag. This is the best deal we’ve seen on this laptop so far, with some retailers charging as much as $2,600 for the same configuration. This model boasts some impressive specs with an 11th Gen Core i9 CPU and an RTX 3050 Ti graphics card, not to mention 32GB of RAM and a 1TB SSD. Our reviewer, Monica Chin, liked the 16:10 display and snappy keyboard, even though the XPS 15 tended to get a little hot under load. Read our full review.


















Dell XPS 15 (2020)




                $2,199
              

                $2,595
              

                  16% off
                





This configuration of the Dell XPS 15 laptop uses an RTX 3050Ti CPU paired with an 11th Gen Core i9 CPU, making it an excellent laptop for power users. This model also has 32GB of RAM and a 1TB SSD for storage.  







              $2,199
              

at Dell
            





If you need a powerful iPad with plenty of storage and a gorgeous display, B&H is selling the Wi-Fi version of the latest 12.9-inch iPad Pro with 256GB of storage for its lowest price to date. Normally $1,199, the retailer is currently selling the silver variant for $1,149. In Dieter Bohn’s review, he deemed this model to be the nicest iPad available, even with its strange camera placement. The 2021 iPad Pro is also a speed demon thanks to Apple’s M1 chip and comes with welcome features such as a Mini LED display, Thunderbolt connectivity, Wi-Fi 6 support, and Face ID, which allows you to unlock the device with just a glance.

















12.9-inch Apple iPad Pro (Wi-Fi, 256GB)




                $1,149
              

                $1,199
              

                  5% off
                





Apple’s latest iPad Pro also comes with the company’s own M1 processor and Thunderbolt, however, the 12.9-inch model also touts the best display of any tablet available.







              $1,149
              

at B&H Photo
            







    Related
  
The best laptop you can buy in 2021
The best Cyber Monday laptop deals 2021

The best deals available on noise-canceling headphones

















Bose’s QuietComfort 35 Series II




                $200
              

                $300
              

                  34% off
                





These lightweight, over-ear wireless headphones have one of the best active noise cancellation effects to silence distractions. 







              $200
              

at Target
            





              $200
              

at Best Buy
            






Regularly $300, the Bose QuietComfort 35 Noise Canceling Wireless Headphones II are currently selling for around $200 at Target and Best Buy. Released in 2017, these wireless, noise-canceling headphones can seamlessly switch between two paired devices and, unlike their predecessor, support both Alexa and Google Assistant.
The Bose QuietComfort 45, a pair of headphones that offer best-in-class comfort and terrific active noise cancellation, are on sale in either black or white at Amazon, Best Buy, and Walmart for $279, their best price to date. Read our full review.
Sony’s excellent WH-1000XM4 noise-canceling headphones are among the best headphones you can buy, and they’re $248 (usually $350) at Best Buy and Amazon. Get these if you know someone who values great sound quality and comfort.
Apple’s AirPods Max are selling for $479 in every colorway from Amazon, down from their hefty $549 standard price. The AirPods Max justify their price with top-tier sound quality, terrific noise cancellation, great voice call performance, and the usual deep integration with Apple’s ecosystem of devices. Read our review.


















Beats Solo 3




                $100
              

                $200
              

                  51% off
                





The Beats Solo 3 feature decent sound quality and excellent wireless performance. They also sport some extra goodies if you’re an Apple user, namely the ability to access Siri using the earcup-mounted navigation buttons.







              $100
              

at Target (pink)
            





              $100
              

at Amazon
            





Apple’s discontinued Beats Solo 3 are on sale in select colorways for $100 right now at Amazon and Target, which is $100 off the original price tag. Although they’re beginning to show their age, we initially praised the comfortable headphones in our 2016 review and noted how well they isolate exterior noise. They also offer great wireless performance and come in two colorways: black and rose gold.


    Related
  
The best noise-canceling headphones to buy right now
The best Cyber Monday deals on noise-canceling headphones 2021

The best deals still available on true wireless earbuds

The latest AirPods are seeing their biggest discount yet at Amazon. Normally $180, they’re $150 right now at checkout. While we still recommend the AirPods Pro if you can afford them, the third-gen AirPods sport shorter stems, IPX4 water resistance, and improved sound over the last-gen model. Read our full review.
Amazon’s second-generation Echo Buds that include a wireless charging case are just $90 (down from $140). This is the best deal that we’ve seen yet. If you don’t need a wireless charging case, the set that includes a case you’ll need to plug in to charge is just $70.


















Samsung Galaxy Buds Pro




                $160
              

                $200
              

                  21% off
                





Samsung’s Galaxy Buds Pro have a blend of tech found in the Buds Plus and Buds Live, with the best sound quality the company has achieved yet in a pair of earbuds.







              $160
              

at Amazon
            





              $160
              

at Best Buy
            






Regularly $200, the Galaxy Buds Pro are currently on sale for around $150 at Amazon. In our review, we noted how much we loved their amazing sound quality and IPX7 water resistance.
The Samsung Galaxy Buds Plus, the improved version of the original Galaxy Buds, are available for $79 at Walmart. This deal brings them well below their typical $100 price tag, making them an excellent value. In our review, we noted their drastic improvement in battery life as well as their comfortable fit. While Samsung has since improved on this design with the Galaxy Buds 2, adding noise cancellation among other features, their higher price point makes them a slightly tougher sell.


















Samsung Galaxy Buds Live




                $100
              

                $170
              

                  42% off
                





Samsung’s unconventional wireless earbuds are shaped like beans, but they produce a powerful sound and come with lengthy battery life.







              $100
              

at Amazon
            





              $100
              

at Walmart
            





The Galaxy Buds Live are another great option if you’re looking for a pair of true wireless earbuds. Normally these shiny ear beans cost $170, but are currently on sale for just $100 at Samsung, Amazon, Best Buy, Walmart, and B&H Photo. Despite their unconventional shape, our reviewer Chris Welch liked their overall sound quality and marathon battery life but thought the noise cancellation could use some improvement.

















Sony WF-1000XM4




                $248
              

                $280
              

                  12% off
                





Sony’s WF-1000XM4 have the best noise cancellation of any true wireless earbuds, and the sound quality is second to none. With a new design that’s smaller and rated IPX4, the earbuds also can now be charged wirelessly.







              $248
              

at Amazon
            





              $248
              

at Best Buy
            







Amazon and Best Buy are currently selling Sony’s WF-1000XM4, our top pick for the best wireless earbuds, for around $248 instead of $280. Read our review.

Sennheiser’s Momentum True Wireless 2 are down to just $168 at Amazon in black. Normally $300, the excellent noise-canceling earbuds offer great ANC performance, customizable controls, and sound that can nearly match that of a premium pair of noise-canceling over-ear headphones. Read our full review.



    Related
  
The best wireless earbuds to buy right now
The best Cyber Monday deals on true wireless earbuds



Verge Deals on Twitter
    Join our over 40,000 followers, and keep up with our best daily tech deals with @vergedeals
  

Follow us!


The best deals available on smartwatches and fitness trackers

















Apple Watch Series 7 




                $380
              

                $399
              

                  5% off
                





The latest Apple Watch comes in a number of styles with either GPS or LTE. As we noted in our review, it’s a great wearable. Unlike its predecessor, it has a bigger screen, multiple timers, and faster charging. Besides a few iterative changes, however, it’s not drastically different than the Series 6.







              $380
              

at Amazon (41mm, GPS)
            






















Apple Watch SE (40mm, GPS)




                $239
              

                $279
              

                  15% off
                





Apple’s midrange wearable, the Apple Watch SE, serves as a step up from the Series 3, with features and a design similar to more recent flagships.







              $239
              

at Amazon
            





The best deals available on phones

















Samsung Galaxy Note 20 Ultra (128GB, unlocked)




                $1,100
              

                $1,200
              

                  9% off
                





One of two phones in the Note 20 line, the Galaxy Note 20 Ultra has a 6.9-inch 1440p OLED screen, supports up to a 120Hz refresh rate, and includes a microSD slot for expanding your storage.







              $1,100
              

at Samsung
            





The Galaxy Note 20 Ultra is on sale for just $1,100 at Samsung, $100 off the list price. While this phone doesn’t come packaged with a complimentary pair of earbuds like some other models, you do get $50 off the cost of the Galaxy Buds Pro. Amazon also has the Note 20 Ultra for $1,099 though without any additional discounts included. Read our review.

















Samsung Galaxy Z Fold 3 (256GB, unlocked)




                $1,400
              

                $1,800
              

                  23% off
                





The Galaxy Z Fold 3 is Samsung’s latest attempt at making foldable phones more mainstream. It’s expensive, sure, but it’s also more durable than previous models and comes with a 120Hz display and support for the once-exclusive S Pen. To qualify for this price cut, you need to activate the phone with a carrier on the day of purchase.







              $1,400
              

at Best Buy
            





              $1,500
              

at Amazon
            





The slick Galaxy Z Fold 3 is on sale in the 256GB configuration with a free pair of Galaxy Buds 2 for $1,500 at Amazon. If you prefer the best price outright, with no need for extras, Best Buy has it for just $1,400 with activation. Normally $1,800, Samsung’s current discount makes for one of the better deals we’ve seen on the luxury foldable. Read our review.

















Google Pixel 5A




                $399
              

                $449
              

                  12% off
                





As the mid-range Pixel phone, the Pixel 5A features a 6.34-inch 1080p OLED, same best-in-class camera, with IP67 water resistance, and three years of software support from Google. You’ll be among the first to experience the latest Android build, like Android 12 that is already released for the 5A.







              $399
              

at Google
            






A rare discount on the Google Pixel 5A has reduced the price of the phone to $400 at the Google Store, knocking $50 off the regular price. While all eyes are on the new Pixel 6, we still stand by the Pixel 5A as a solid and affordable entry. Featuring one of the best cameras available in a mid-range smartphone, the 5G-compatible 5A also comes equipped with 128GB of onboard storage, IP67 water resistance, and improved battery life. Read our review.
You can get $300 on a Walmart e-gift card with the purchase of an iPhone 13 or iPhone 13 Mini on either AT&T or Verizon. The exact amount depends on which iPhone you choose (see below), and you can also get an additional $250 Walmart e-gift card by trading in an eligible phone. The deal runs through December 3rd, but you need to activate the new phone no later than December 3rd at 11:59PM local time to take advantage of the deal. If you prefer to get this deal and trade-in squared away in person, you need to schedule an in-person appointment. This in-store deal also ends on December 3rd.



    Related
  
The best phone you can buy right now
The best Cyber Monday 2021 phone deals

The best deals available on smart home tech

















Google Nest Hub Max




                $179
              

                $229
              

                  22% off
                





The Nest Hub Max has a 10-inch screen and integrated camera for making video calls. It is Google’s largest and most complete Google Assistant smart display.







              $179
              

at Google
            





              $179
              

at Walmart
            






The Google Nest Hub Max is the best and biggest smart home assistant in the Google ecosystem. Currently, you can save $50 on this smart hub at the Google Store and Walmart, bringing the price down to $179. The display’s built-in camera allows you to make video calls, and the 10-inch screen allows you to access media from your favorite streaming services or cast just about anything from your phone. In our review, we noted that we were particularly impressed by this device’s ability to display personalized content based on who is looking at the screen.

A two-pack of Google Nest Wifi routers costs just $209 at Amazon, down from $299. A single unit of the Nest Wifi Router has been reduced to $139 at the Google Store, $30 off the regular price. You can also grab a bundle with a single access point for $179, or two access points for $249. Read our full review.
A single Eero 6 dual-band mesh Wi-Fi router costs just $77 $83 at Amazon and $84 at Best Buy. The previous lowest price was around $90.
Eero is offering up to 35 percent off its excellent mesh Wi-Fi routers that have Thread radios built-in (and which Eero has said will get upgraded to the new smart home standard Matter, when it arrives next year). An Eero 6 two-pack is currently down to $181 from $279 at Amazon and Eero. Read our full Eero review.

The Eufy RoboVac 11S is on sale at Amazon and Walmart for $138, nearly matching the best price we’ve seen on the no-frills robot vacuum.
Meta’s Portal Go, the portable smart display, is $50 off at Amazon. It costs $149, and could be a good fit if you have friends and family that can’t live without video chatting via Messenger and other apps.
Google’s lozenge-shaped Nest Mini is available for $25 at Best Buy and Walmart, half off the original price tag. In his review, Verge staffer Cameron Faulkner called the smart speaker a great sounding upgrade over the last-gen Home Mini.
A bundle containing the Roomba i3 Plus with a self-emptying base and the Braava Jet m6 mop is on sale at Best Buy for $585 (regularly $850). You can also pick up the Roomba i3 Plus with Clean Base on its own for $400, regularly $599.
The battery-operated Nest Doorbell is down to just $130 in the Google Store, $50 off its regular price tag. Read our full review.

Google and Walmart have reduced the price of the Nest Audio, the big sibling to the Nest Mini, to $60 in select colorways. This smart speaker comes packaged with Google Assistant and can be paired with other Nest speakers for additional audio coverage. Read our full review.


















Yeedi K650 Wi-Fi robot vacuum




                $120
              

                $180
              

                  34% off
                





Yeedi’s K650 robot vacuum has all of the smarts and power required to suck up dust, dirt, and pet hair from your floor into its 800-milliliter bin. It’s compatible with Google Assistant and Amazon Alexa, if you just want to queue it up with your voice.







              $120
              

at Amazon
            






The Yeedi K650 was already an affordable robot vacuum at $180. Amazon currently has it on sale for $120 when you clip the coupon on the page, however, which beats the Robovac’s previous all-time low. It doesn’t offer lidar or virtual boundaries, but it’s a great budget bot that can handle the basics.
Amazon’s stalwart, third-gen Echo Dot smart speaker can be had at Amazon for just $20 right now, down from $40, a great deal on a still good speaker to control your smart home. Note this deal is only available if you choose the option that gives you six months free of Amazon Music Unlimited. Read our full review.

The best discount we’ve seen on the Nest Learning Thermostat is now live at the Google Store, allowing you to save $70 on a single unit or $150 on a two-pack, lowering the prices to $180 and $348, respectively.
Abode’s great little Abode Cam 2, an indoor / outdoor camera that works with or without an Abode system, is $25 at Abode. If you want to add a security system, too, Abode has an excellent bundle exclusively on its website for $299, a savings of $300. It includes the Abode Cam 2, the security gateway, a keypad, two door sensors, a motion sensor, a keyfob, and an Echo Show 5, with the option of professional monitoring.



    Related
  
The best smart displays for every home
The best Cyber Monday smart home tech deals: speakers, cameras, robots, and more

The best gaming deals available


Mass Effect: Legendary Edition for Xbox — which is compatible with Xbox One, Series S, or Series X — is on sale for just $28 $33 at Amazon, the best price we’ve seen on the optimized, three-game collection.
If you have a Nintendo Switch, a GoPro, or any other device that accepts microSD cards, give it a huge boost in storage with this SanDisk 512GB microSD card for just $55 $63 at Amazon.

Back 4 Blood, the spiritual successor to Left 4 Dead 2 (it was even made by the same team) is all the way down to $25 $40 at GameStop. The game usually costs $60, though Xbox owners should just subscribe to Game Pass instead, as it’s available there.

Ratchet and Clank: Rift Apart, one of the best PlayStation 5 exclusives to date, is down to just $50 at Amazon and GameStop. Read our full review.
The PlayStation 4 version of Hades is available at GameStop for just $20, down from its usual sale price of $35.


















Razer Viper 8 KHz




                $50
              

                $80
              

                  38% off
                





Virtually indistinguishable from older models in appearance, this version of the Razer Viper adopts a new 20K DPI optical sensor and features an 8,000Hz polling rate.







              $50
              

at Best Buy
            






If you’re looking for a solid gaming mouse, the latest iteration of the Razer Viper is on sale for $40 $50 at Best Buy, its second-lowest price to date. The latest model retains the same lightweight and ambidextrous chassis that made the original so good, but ups the ante with a 20K DPI sensor and a polling rate of 8000Hz.

Razer’s Wolverine V2 wired gaming controller, which is essentially an affordable version of the Xbox Elite controller, is on sale at Amazon as part of a bundle with a Kaira Pro gaming headset. Normally $250, you can pick up both peripherals for $170 $175 for a limited time.
Razer’s Wolverine V2 wired Xbox/PC controller with customizable triggers and macro buttons is $69 $75 at Amazon.

Razer’s DeathAdder V2 Pro wireless gaming mouse is $76 for My Best Buy members. This mouse originally sold for $130, and it’s among the most comfortable options available.



    Related
  
The best wired or wireless gaming mouse you can buy
Cyber Monday deals for PS5, Xbox Series X, Nintendo Switch, and PC gaming
GameStop’s best Cyber Monday deals: games, accessories, and more

The best deals available on cameras

















GoPro Hero 10 Black




                $450
              

                $500
              

                  10% off
                





The GoPro Hero 10 Black offers a new processor making it possible to shoot in 4K resolution at 120 frames per second.







              $450
              

at Amazon
            





              $450
              

at Best Buy
            






The latest GoPro, the GoPro Hero10 Black, is currently selling at its lowest price ever. Normally $500, B&H is now selling the popular action cam for $450. The Hero10 Black boasts all the amazing features found on its predecessor — which we once called the “biggest, baddest action camera out there” — and more, like a new processor that allows it to shoot in higher frame rates and upload videos to the cloud while charging. It’s also compatible with Hero9 accessories, meaning those looking to upgrade won’t necessarily need to purchase new add-ons. Read our review.

The touchscreen-equipped Insta360 One X2 is on sale at Amazon for $365, the best price we’ve seen on the rugged 360-degree camera. Read our hands-on impressions.
B&H is selling the Canon EOS R mirrorless camera for $1,599 instead of $1,800. Read our Canon EOS R review.

Sony’s ZV-1 point-and-shoot camera is currently on sale for $746 with a vlogger accessory kit at B&H, a savings of $150. The bundle includes the 20MP, 4K-capable camera as well as a wireless shooting grip and a 64GB memory card.



    Related
  
The best Cyber Monday deals on cameras and lenses

Other great deals happening now










Vjeran Pavic / The Verge


The AfterShokz Aeropex open-ear headphones are $30 off at Best Buy and Amazon (it includes a complimentary sports bag at Amazon). These rest near your temples, using bone conduction to transmit sound instead of covering your ears. This is a popular choice among bikers, as it’s a safer alternative to earbuds if you want to listen to music or podcasts, or to talk on the phone. The Verge’s Dieter Bohn ranked these as his favorite model.

















Western Digital My Passport SSD




                $230
              

                $380
              

                  40% off
                





This My Passport model from Western Digital sports sequential read / write speeds of 1,050MB/s and 1,000MB/s, respectively. It comes in multiple colors and includes a USB Type-A adapter in the box.







              $230
              

at Amazon (2TB)
            





              $450
              

at Amazon (4TB)
            






If you’re looking to add some storage space to your PC, Amazon is currently discounting Western Digital’s 2TB and 4TB My Passport models in a variety of colors. Typically $380, you can buy the 2TB SSD for $230, or the 4TB model for $450. Western Digital claims up to sequential read / write speeds of 1,050MB/s and 1,000MB/s, respectively, and the deal also includes a USB Type-A adapter in the box.
Amazon is currently offering some excellent savings on a variety of Shure microphones. These include some of the heavy-hitters of the podcast world, like the legendary Shure SM7B going for $359 instead of $399 at Amazon.
This 38-inch soundbar from Samsung is currently available for $280 at Best Buy, its lowest price to date. The 7.1 soundbar comes packaged with a wireless subwoofer and rear-channel speakers, too, helping keep cable clutter to a minimum.
The excellent Razer Kiyo is discounted to $70 at Amazon and Best Buy, the second-lowest price we’ve seen for the 1080p webcam, which features a built-in ring light.








        Sign up for the
        
          newsletter
        
      
      Verge Deals
    
Subscribe to get the best Verge-approved tech deals of the week.






Just one more thing!
Please confirm your subscription to Verge Deals via the verification email we just sent you.




Email (required)






        By signing up, you agree to our Privacy Notice and European users agree to the data transfer policy.
        
      
Subscribe









The Backbone One is the best mobile gaming controller for the iPhone and you can get it from Amazon today for $70, $30 off of its regular price. In addition, it includes a month of Xbox Game Pass Ultimate, which lets you play over a hundred Xbox games right on your iPhone.
If you’re looking for other Cyber Monday deals, be sure to check out our roundup of the best Cyber Monday offers from around the internet.

















Backbone One iPhone controller




                $85
              

                $100
              

                  15% off
                





The Backbone One mobile controller can connect to iPhones as far back as the 6S generation through the Lightning port. It’s a fully featured controller complete with dual analog sticks, a headphone jack, and its own software for capturing screenshots and connecting to game streaming services.







              $85
              

at Backbone
            





Similar to other gaming controllers, the Backbone One slots an iPhone in between two hand grips, complete with analog sticks, multiple buttons, and shoulder triggers. It’s compatible with any iPhone that can run iOS 13 or later, and works with hardware dating back to the iPhone 6S. 


    Related
  
The Backbone One is a stunning controller that turns your iPhone into a more capable gaming device
The best early Cyber Monday deals happening now

In his review earlier this year, Cameron Faulkner noted that the Backbone One has the best hardware of any of these style controllers, with responsive, tactile buttons, and better feeling triggers than many other controllers. It supports passthrough charging and adds a 3.5mm headphone jack that works even if your iPhone no longer has an audio jack. 
In addition, the Backbone One works with Backbone’s iOS app, which provides a quick launcher for all of your games, plus the ability to manage screenshots and video clips that you’ve captured with the One’s dedicated button.
Perhaps the biggest downside to the One is that you can’t use it to play Fortnite, but that’s the case for any iPhone-compatible controller thanks to Epic and Apple’s on-going dispute that’s keeping the game off the platform. The One is compatible with most other games and streaming services, including Apple Arcade, Google Stadia, and Microsoft’s xCloud. 







        Sign up for the
        
          newsletter
        
      
      Verge Deals
    
Subscribe to get the best Verge-approved tech deals of the week.






Just one more thing!
Please confirm your subscription to Verge Deals via the verification email we just sent you.




Email (required)






        By signing up, you agree to our Privacy Notice and European users agree to the data transfer policy.
        
      
Subscribe






HBO mistakenly added the censored version of Birds of Prey (and the Fantabulous Emancipation of One Harley Quinn) to its streaming service at some point. But now it has finally replaced it with the R-rated version, letting viewers indulge in all the curse words and crude gestures featured within the Suicide Squad spinoff.


The original version of #BirdsOfPrey is available now on HBO Max. Enjoy your weekends. https://t.co/OH0Qk3JZad— Johanna Fuentes (@jfuentes) November 28, 2021



Johanna Fuentes, the head of communications at HBO’s parent company WarnerMedia, sent out a tweet on Saturday night to announce that the unedited version of the film is back on HBO Max. “The original version of #BirdsOfPrey is available now on HBO Max,” she wrote in a reply to a tweet about HBO Max’s mistake.
After fans noticed that the movie was censored, Fuentes confirmed there are two versions of the film: a clean one for broadcast cable, and an unedited version for streaming. Fuentes noted that the Birds of Prey will be “updated on Max,” and that only the uncensored version will be shown on the platform. A tweet from HBO Max initially stated that the platform had “no information” on when it would get the unedited version back, but it turns out that the R-rated version returned sooner than we thought.
As CBR notes, the uncensored version was previously available on HBO Max until it briefly left the platform on November 14th. Since its return, viewers quickly noticed that despite being labeled as rated-R for “suggestive dialogue, language,” and “violence,” the movie contained dubbed-over and blurred-out swear words (via CBR). It even showed Harley Quinn making peace signs with both her hands, rather than flipping the bird.
Most notably, the movie opened with a warning that reads, “This film has been modified as follows from its original version: it has been edited for content.” This is the same message that appears at the beginning of the TV-14 version that’s been airing on TNT, as reported by CBR.
Some fans quickly jumped to the conclusion that HBO Max deliberately censored the flick, despite HBO being long considered a network for edgier content. However, HBO has buckled down on some of its content in the past, such as when it removed raunchier titles like Cathouse and Real Sex from HBO Go in 2018. More recently, HBO Max quietly altered the poster for the classic horror movie The Evil Dead. The artwork, which originally shows an arm reaching out from underwater and clutching a woman by her throat, has been changed to remove the arm from the image.
The Verge reached out to WarnerMedia with a request for comment but didn’t immediately hear back.
Update November 28th, 1:00PM ET: Updated to add that the unedited version has been put back on HBO Max.

Online sales during Black Friday took a bit of a tumble this year, marking the first time that spending has dipped lower than the previous year, as noted in a holiday shopping report by Adobe Analytics. Online shoppers reportedly spent a total of $8.9 billion this year, falling a little short of the $9 billion that was spent in 2020.
Adobe suggests that the trend downward might’ve been caused by an uptick in early spending
Adobe suggests that the downward trend might’ve been caused by an uptick in early spending, as some stores started sales and promotions as early as October. And when shoppers did make online purchases during Black Friday, Adobe found that 44.4 percent of those sales were made from a smartphone, a 10.6 percent increase from last year.
“For the first time ever, Black Friday saw a reversal of the growth trend of past years,” said Vivek Pandya, the lead analyst at Adobe Digital Insights. “Shoppers are being strategic in their gift shopping, buying much earlier in the season and being flexible about when they shop to make sure they get the best deals.”


    Related
  
The best early Cyber Monday deals happening now

While early sales might’ve been the main factor behind the dip, global supply chain issues could’ve been another contributor. According to Adobe’s report, out-of-stock messages have increased by 124 percent since January 2020, making it harder for shoppers to get the products they want. The report notes that appliances and electronics have been affected by this the most, and the ongoing chip shortage probably has something to do with it.
Among the most popular tech products on Black Friday were the Nintendo Switch and Meta (formerly Oculus) Quest 2, while Just Dance 2022, Spider-Man: Miles Morales, AirPods, the 10.2-inch iPad were all hits on Saturday. So far, shoppers spent over $3 billion on 19 days throughout this holiday season. Last year around this time, Adobe only counted five days where spending exceeded $3 billion.

The all-new Kindle Paperwhite is already an exceptional buy at its regular price of $140. It has a great 6.8-inch display, USB-C charging, and a battery that can last for months — our reviewer calls it “the ultimate Kindle.” If you’ve been eyeing this device, now is a great time to buy it. Ahead of Cyber Monday, it’s available on Amazon right now for $105, which is $35 and 25 percent off its original price of $140. Other retailers, such as Staples, are offering the same price. 
Note that this is the ad-supported model — the ad-free version is currently $125 ($35 off its original price of $160). If you don’t want ads (or to pay the $20 premium for the ad-free model), a savvy move is to get the Kindle Paperwhite Kids for $115, which is $45 off the original price of $160. This model comes with a kid-friendly case as well as a two-year “worry-free guarantee.” (You can turn off Kids Mode if you’re an adult.)
Also on sale is the new Kindle Oasis — it’s $175, $75 off its original price of $250. We didn’t love this quite as much as the Paperwhite, but it does have a great display with a warm yellow tone for comfortable night reading. 

















Kindle Paperwhite (8GB, 2021)




                $105
              

                $140
              

                  26% off
                





Amazon’s new Kindle Paperwhite has a 6.8-inch, E Ink display with adjustable color temperature for nighttime reading. It also boasts a faster processor, additional battery life, IPX8 waterproofing, and — finally — a USB-C port.







              $105
              

at Amazon (with ads)
            





              $125
              

at Amazon (without ads)
            






















Kindle Oasis (8GB)




                $175
              

                $250
              

                  31% off
                





Amazon’s flagship e-reader that now includes a warmer display, making it easier to read at night or in various lighting conditions. It’s also IPX8 waterproof, like the Paperwhite.







              $175
              

at Amazon (with ads)
            





              $195
              

at Amazon (without ads)
            






















Amazon Kindle Paperwhite Kids




                $115
              

                $160
              

                  29% off
                





Amazon’s kid-friendly Paperwhite is the same as the new base model, but it’s ad-free and comes with the added benefits of a two-year hardware protection plan, one year of Amazon Kids Plus, and a choice of three kid-friendly covers. 







              $115
              

at Amazon
            





              $115
              

at Best Buy
            





These Kindles deals have been popular through the Black Friday weekend. Some of them may now take a bit longer than usual to ship, but you can lock in the discounted prices before they’re no longer available.


    Related
  
The best Black Friday deals you can still get at Amazon
The best Black Friday deals you can get right now








        Sign up for the
        
          newsletter
        
      
      Verge Deals
    
Subscribe to get the best Verge-approved tech deals of the week.






Just one more thing!
Please confirm your subscription to Verge Deals via the verification email we just sent you.




Email (required)






        By signing up, you agree to our Privacy Notice and European users agree to the data transfer policy.
        
      
Subscribe







Black Friday may have come and gone, but that just means we are nearing the ending crescendo to the shopping holiday weekend with Cyber Monday. What first started as a focus on online tech deals has essentially morphed into an annual Black Friday 2.0, like some sort of sequel that you hope is even punchier than the original. 
Lots of deals at retailers like Amazon, Best Buy, Target, and Walmart started plenty early, with many launching their holiday deal selection weeks ahead of Black Friday. Many deals are continuing through the weekend and into Cyber Monday, too, just as new and exciting ones begin to crop up. Regardless of whether they’re holdover deals or new ones, you can find all of the latest and must-know details to make your shopping journey easier with our guide to the best early Cyber Monday deals. With it, you can get that steep discount on that laptop, 4K TV, or pair of noise-canceling headphones you’ve been eyeing.
This page will continue transforming throughout the weekend, culminating in the final wave of deals crashing down for Cyber Monday. It sounds exhausting, but our team is up to the task of helping you score all of the tech deals you have your eye on.



Start here


      
      Black Friday deals: what time sales start at Amazon, Best Buy, Walmart, and more
    



Samsung’s Galaxy Z Flip 3 is the company’s lowest-priced foldable yet at its normal $999.99, but today you can get the trendy phone for way, way less than that. In an early Cyber Monday 2021 deal, the unlocked Z Flip 3 is available from Best Buy for $599.99 if you activate service on the device with your purchase. 
That’s a colossal $400 discount from the Flip 3’s regular price and brings it on par with something like the Pixel 6. Google’s phone is terrific, but it certainly doesn’t have the cool factor of a folding screen. Verizon and AT&T customers can both get that price for a limited time.

















Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 3




                $600
              

                $1,000
              

                  41% off
                





Samsung’s sleek, stylish Galaxy Flip 3 can be folded in half for easy carrying in your pocket and has a useful outer display for checking your notifications when it’s closed. The phone is also water resistant, has excellent performance, and includes wireless charging. 







              $600
              

at Best Buy
            





In certain cases, you can save even more. Activating a new line of service on T-Mobile / Sprint brings the price down to $499.99 for the unlocked Z Flip 3. If you can deal with some carrier bloatware, the Verizon model is also discounted to $499.99 if you’re eligible for an upgrade. 


    Related
  
The best Cyber Monday deals happening now

Take a look at our review of the Z Flip 3 and you’ll find that my colleague Dan Seifert praised Samsung’s first truly mainstream foldable for its excellent screen, snappy performance, water resistance, and compact size when folded up. If there’s one weak point of the phone, its battery life is merely average among the competition. But there’s no denying the sleek look of this thing — and that cream color still looks just as fantastic now as when Samsung announced it, though the deal applies to the black, green, and lavender colors if those are more your style.







        Sign up for the
        
          newsletter
        
      
      Verge Deals
    
Subscribe to get the best Verge-approved tech deals of the week.






Just one more thing!
Please confirm your subscription to Verge Deals via the verification email we just sent you.




Email (required)






        By signing up, you agree to our Privacy Notice and European users agree to the data transfer policy.
        
      
Subscribe






If you missed out on a few great deals during Cyber Monday or Black Friday, don’t worry, you still have another chance to save big on some popular tech products. It’s “Cyber Week,” meaning that many retailers are still delivering some of the best deals of the year for you to grab all week long. Below, we’ve curated some of the top discounts you can still take advantage of on wireless noise-canceling headphones, earbuds, phones, laptops, TVs, video games, and more. Take a look, and if you like what you see,  you may want to buy the product sooner than later. These particular deals could disappear at a moment’s notice. 
If they do sell out, fret not. It’s very likely that December will bring some repeat deals, plus new sales because of the holidays. If you want to keep receiving the latest deal-related updates then even after this week is over so you can continue to save, subscribe to our Verge Deals newsletter. We compile the savings that you need to know about, then send them to you twice a week.


    Related
  
Know the holiday shipping and return policies for Apple, Google, Microsoft, and others

Deal highlights

















Lenovo Chromebook Duet (128GB)




                $249
              

                $299
              

                  17% off
                





The Chromebook Duet boasts long battery life and has a 16:10 aspect ratio display to fit more content on the screen at once. The Duet can be used as a tablet or a laptop. On the downside, it has just one USB-C port and no 3.5mm headphone jack.







              $249
              

at Best Buy
            






Lenovo’s Chromebook Duet is currently on sale at Best Buy for $249 ($100 off), matching the best price we’ve seen on the budget-friendly Chromebook, which comes with 4GB of RAM, 128GB of storage, and a detachable keyboard. Read our full review.
The 40mm, GPS version of the Apple Watch Series 6 is also available at Best Buy for $300, giving you another more affordable alternative to buying the latest Series 7.
Best Buy is currently running a buy two, get one free promotion on select Nintendo Switch games, including Super Mario Odyssey and Donkey Kong Country: Tropical Freeze.
Amazon is hosting a deal where it will knock $10 off when you spend at least $100 on select gaming items.
If you’re looking for a battery-powered doorbell, the new Blink video doorbell is just $35 at Amazon (with delayed shipping), a savings of $10. It can also be wired, if you prefer.
The tiny Blink Mini camera is selling for even less. Just $20 at Amazon right now, down from $35, this is the cheapest indoor smart security camera you can buy right now. Read our review.
The blue Ember Smart Mug 2, a 14-ounce mug that allows you to control the temperature thanks to a built-in battery, is down to $100 at Best Buy, $30 off the initial list price.
RAVPower is taking 35 percent off several of its chargers when you use various promo codes. You can, for instance, buy this $28 two-pack of 20W iPhone 13 chargers for $13 when you use promo code RT50, or this 90W battery bank for $58 instead of $89 with promo code CM35.

The best deals available on 4K TVs

















LG’s C1 OLED (48-inch)




                $1,197
              

                $1,297
              

                  8% off
                





LG’s C1 OLED starts with a 48-inch model, going up to 83 inches. All sizes of this OLED feature a 120Hz refresh rate, FreeSync and G-Sync support, and a fast processor.







              $1,197
              

at Amazon
            





              $1,199
              

at Best Buy
            





Amazon still has a sizeable discount on all sizes of one of the best TVs for gaming, the LG C1. The 48-inch model is on sale for $1,197 instead of $1,297, while the 55-inch is selling for $1,297 and the 65-inch for $1,797. Regardless of which configuration you choose, all sport several features gamers will love, including a 120Hz refresh rate, Dolby Vision HDR compatibility, and support for HDMI 2.1. Best Buy is offering the same discounts on the 55- and 65-inch models. 


    Related
  
The best deals on 4K TVs

The best deals available on streaming devices and services

















Roku Streaming Stick 4K (2021 model)




                $30
              

                $50
              

                  41% off
                





The Roku Streaming Stick 4K supports all the major streaming services, as well as HDR10 Plus and Dolby Vision. It is also compatible with all three voice assistants: Siri, Alexa, and the Google Assistant.







              $30
              

at Target
            





The latest Roku Streaming Stick 4K, which just launched in September, is selling at Target, and Best Buy at a record low. Normally $50, the retailer is offering the streaming device for around $30. The 2021 model is faster, comes with improved Wi-Fi performance, and supports Dolby Vision and HDR10 Plus. Roku’s players also now support AirPlay 2, which means you can use your iPhone, iPad, or Mac to easily cast content to the device. Read our review.


















Chromecast with Google TV




                $40
              

                $50
              

                  20% off
                





The Chromecast with Google TV introduces new software that brings together recommendations from all of your streaming services. It also supports Dolby Vision and Dolby Atmos.







              $40
              

at Walmart
            





              $40
              

at Best Buy
            






This accessible Roku alternative from Google features support for Dolby Atmos and Dolby Vision, and the current sale at the Google Store, Walmart, and Best Buy has brought the Chromecast with Google TV down to $40, saving you $10 off the regular price. The streaming device features access to all of your favorite streaming services and has a built-in voice assistant to help you find your favorite shows. You can even cast media from your phone through the Chromecast app. Read our review.
The Roku Streambar is discounted to just $80 at Amazon, $50 off the initial list price. It may not be the best-sounding soundbar out there, but the convenient all-in-one solution features a built-in Roku Streaming Stick 4K Plus, support for Apple’s AirPlay 2, and Bluetooth.



    Related
  
The Cyber Monday streaming deals for Hulu, YouTube TV, and more

The best deals available on laptops and tablets

















MacBook Air with M1 (13-inch)




                $900
              

                $999
              

                  10% off
                





The MacBook Air is Apple’s entry-level laptop, which comes outfitted with the company’s new M1 chip and in one of three different colors (silver, space gray, and gold).







              $900
              

at Best Buy
            





              $900
              

at Amazon
            






Apple’s MacBook Air with the M1 processor is $100 off at Best Buy and Amazon. This brings the starting price down to $900 for the base model that has 8GB of RAM and a 256GB SSD.
Razer is offering a $200 gift card to its online store when you purchase one of its Razer Blade 15 Base gaming laptops, which start at $1,799.99.
The Lenovo Yoga 9i remains one of our favorite alternatives to the Microsoft Surface line of ultrabooks and, right now, Best Buy is offering the slick 2-in-1 for $1,350. While this model received a similar discount a couple of months ago, it still remains a solid value. The foldable laptop boasts some impressive specs, too, with an 11th Gen Core i7 CPU, 512GB of storage, and Iris Xe integrated graphics. This hardware, paired with a 4K touchscreen display and a garaged stylus, makes the 9i a great choice for creators.


















Lenovo Yoga 9i




                $1,350
              

                $1,750
              

                  23% off
                





The Lenovo Yoga 9i is a portable, convertible laptop with standout audio and a garaged stylus.







              $1,350
              

at Best Buy
            






Many Surface Pro 7 models are discounted. Our recommended model is the configuration that includes an Intel Core i5 processor, 8GB of RAM, and 128GB of storage for $700 ($200 off). Note that this Surface also doesn’t include a Type Cove.
The latest model of the Dell XPS 13 takes what made last year’s model so great and makes it better. For Cyber Monday, Dell has marked down this configuration with an Intel Core i7-1195G7, 16GB of RAM, and a 512GB SSD to $1,229, taking about $400 off the regular MSRP. Read our review.


















Dell XPS 13 (2021)




                $1,229
              

                $1,629
              

                  25% off
                





The latest model of the Dell XPS 13 brings an 11th Gen Intel Core i7 CPU to bear and combines it with Intel Iris Xe graphics for an exceptionally powerful, yet compact, notebook.







              $1,229
              

at Dell
            







Samsung’s 11.6-inch Galaxy Chromebook 4 is now on sale for $180 instead of $250 at Amazon. This particular model includes 4GB of RAM and 64GB of onboard storage.
The Dell XPS 15 ultrabook is currently enjoying a solid discount. Dell has reduced the price of this particular configuration to $2,199, taking $396 off the usual price tag. This is the best deal we’ve seen on this laptop so far, with some retailers charging as much as $2,600 for the same configuration. This model boasts some impressive specs with an 11th Gen Core i9 CPU and an RTX 3050 Ti graphics card, not to mention 32GB of RAM and a 1TB SSD. Our reviewer, Monica Chin, liked the 16:10 display and snappy keyboard, even though the XPS 15 tended to get a little hot under load. Read our full review.


















Dell XPS 15 (2020)




                $2,199
              

                $2,595
              

                  16% off
                





This configuration of the Dell XPS 15 laptop uses an RTX 3050Ti CPU paired with an 11th Gen Core i9 CPU, making it an excellent laptop for power users. This model also has 32GB of RAM and a 1TB SSD for storage.  







              $2,199
              

at Dell
            





If you need a powerful iPad with plenty of storage and a gorgeous display, B&H is selling the Wi-Fi version of the latest 12.9-inch iPad Pro with 256GB of storage for its lowest price to date. Normally $1,199, the retailer is currently selling the silver variant for $1,149. In Dieter Bohn’s review, he deemed this model to be the nicest iPad available, even with its strange camera placement. The 2021 iPad Pro is also a speed demon thanks to Apple’s M1 chip and comes with welcome features such as a Mini LED display, Thunderbolt connectivity, Wi-Fi 6 support, and Face ID, which allows you to unlock the device with just a glance.

















12.9-inch Apple iPad Pro (Wi-Fi, 256GB)




                $1,149
              

                $1,199
              

                  5% off
                





Apple’s latest iPad Pro also comes with the company’s own M1 processor and Thunderbolt, however, the 12.9-inch model also touts the best display of any tablet available.







              $1,149
              

at B&H Photo
            







    Related
  
The best laptop you can buy in 2021
The best Cyber Monday laptop deals 2021

The best deals available on noise-canceling headphones

















Bose’s QuietComfort 35 Series II




                $200
              

                $300
              

                  34% off
                





These lightweight, over-ear wireless headphones have one of the best active noise cancellation effects to silence distractions. 







              $200
              

at Target
            





              $200
              

at Best Buy
            






Regularly $300, the Bose QuietComfort 35 Noise Canceling Wireless Headphones II are currently selling for around $200 at Target and Best Buy. Released in 2017, these wireless, noise-canceling headphones can seamlessly switch between two paired devices and, unlike their predecessor, support both Alexa and Google Assistant.
The Bose QuietComfort 45, a pair of headphones that offer best-in-class comfort and terrific active noise cancellation, are on sale in either black or white at Amazon, Best Buy, and Walmart for $279, their best price to date. Read our full review.
Sony’s excellent WH-1000XM4 noise-canceling headphones are among the best headphones you can buy, and they’re $248 (usually $350) at Best Buy and Amazon. Get these if you know someone who values great sound quality and comfort.
Apple’s AirPods Max are selling for $479 in every colorway from Amazon, down from their hefty $549 standard price. The AirPods Max justify their price with top-tier sound quality, terrific noise cancellation, great voice call performance, and the usual deep integration with Apple’s ecosystem of devices. Read our review.


















Beats Solo 3




                $100
              

                $200
              

                  51% off
                





The Beats Solo 3 feature decent sound quality and excellent wireless performance. They also sport some extra goodies if you’re an Apple user, namely the ability to access Siri using the earcup-mounted navigation buttons.







              $100
              

at Target (pink)
            





              $100
              

at Amazon
            





Apple’s discontinued Beats Solo 3 are on sale in select colorways for $100 right now at Amazon and Target, which is $100 off the original price tag. Although they’re beginning to show their age, we initially praised the comfortable headphones in our 2016 review and noted how well they isolate exterior noise. They also offer great wireless performance and come in two colorways: black and rose gold.


    Related
  
The best noise-canceling headphones to buy right now
The best Cyber Monday deals on noise-canceling headphones 2021

The best deals still available on true wireless earbuds

The latest AirPods are seeing their biggest discount yet at Amazon. Normally $180, they’re $150 right now at checkout. While we still recommend the AirPods Pro if you can afford them, the third-gen AirPods sport shorter stems, IPX4 water resistance, and improved sound over the last-gen model. Read our full review.
Amazon’s second-generation Echo Buds that include a wireless charging case are just $90 (down from $140). This is the best deal that we’ve seen yet. If you don’t need a wireless charging case, the set that includes a case you’ll need to plug in to charge is just $70.


















Samsung Galaxy Buds Pro




                $160
              

                $200
              

                  21% off
                





Samsung’s Galaxy Buds Pro have a blend of tech found in the Buds Plus and Buds Live, with the best sound quality the company has achieved yet in a pair of earbuds.







              $160
              

at Amazon
            





              $160
              

at Best Buy
            






Regularly $200, the Galaxy Buds Pro are currently on sale for around $150 at Amazon. In our review, we noted how much we loved their amazing sound quality and IPX7 water resistance.
The Samsung Galaxy Buds Plus, the improved version of the original Galaxy Buds, are available for $79 at Walmart. This deal brings them well below their typical $100 price tag, making them an excellent value. In our review, we noted their drastic improvement in battery life as well as their comfortable fit. While Samsung has since improved on this design with the Galaxy Buds 2, adding noise cancellation among other features, their higher price point makes them a slightly tougher sell.


















Samsung Galaxy Buds Live




                $100
              

                $170
              

                  42% off
                





Samsung’s unconventional wireless earbuds are shaped like beans, but they produce a powerful sound and come with lengthy battery life.







              $100
              

at Amazon
            





              $100
              

at Walmart
            





The Galaxy Buds Live are another great option if you’re looking for a pair of true wireless earbuds. Normally these shiny ear beans cost $170, but are currently on sale for just $100 at Samsung, Amazon, Best Buy, Walmart, and B&H Photo. Despite their unconventional shape, our reviewer Chris Welch liked their overall sound quality and marathon battery life but thought the noise cancellation could use some improvement.

















Sony WF-1000XM4




                $248
              

                $280
              

                  12% off
                





Sony’s WF-1000XM4 have the best noise cancellation of any true wireless earbuds, and the sound quality is second to none. With a new design that’s smaller and rated IPX4, the earbuds also can now be charged wirelessly.







              $248
              

at Amazon
            





              $248
              

at Best Buy
            







Amazon and Best Buy are currently selling Sony’s WF-1000XM4, our top pick for the best wireless earbuds, for around $248 instead of $280. Read our review.

Sennheiser’s Momentum True Wireless 2 are down to just $168 at Amazon in black. Normally $300, the excellent noise-canceling earbuds offer great ANC performance, customizable controls, and sound that can nearly match that of a premium pair of noise-canceling over-ear headphones. Read our full review.



    Related
  
The best wireless earbuds to buy right now
The best Cyber Monday deals on true wireless earbuds



Verge Deals on Twitter
    Join our over 40,000 followers, and keep up with our best daily tech deals with @vergedeals
  

Follow us!


The best deals available on smartwatches and fitness trackers

















Apple Watch Series 7 




                $380
              

                $399
              

                  5% off
                





The latest Apple Watch comes in a number of styles with either GPS or LTE. As we noted in our review, it’s a great wearable. Unlike its predecessor, it has a bigger screen, multiple timers, and faster charging. Besides a few iterative changes, however, it’s not drastically different than the Series 6.







              $380
              

at Amazon (41mm, GPS)
            






















Apple Watch SE (40mm, GPS)




                $239
              

                $279
              

                  15% off
                





Apple’s midrange wearable, the Apple Watch SE, serves as a step up from the Series 3, with features and a design similar to more recent flagships.







              $239
              

at Amazon
            





The best deals available on phones

















Samsung Galaxy Note 20 Ultra (128GB, unlocked)




                $1,100
              

                $1,200
              

                  9% off
                





One of two phones in the Note 20 line, the Galaxy Note 20 Ultra has a 6.9-inch 1440p OLED screen, supports up to a 120Hz refresh rate, and includes a microSD slot for expanding your storage.







              $1,100
              

at Samsung
            





The Galaxy Note 20 Ultra is on sale for just $1,100 at Samsung, $100 off the list price. While this phone doesn’t come packaged with a complimentary pair of earbuds like some other models, you do get $50 off the cost of the Galaxy Buds Pro. Amazon also has the Note 20 Ultra for $1,099 though without any additional discounts included. Read our review.

















Samsung Galaxy Z Fold 3 (256GB, unlocked)




                $1,400
              

                $1,800
              

                  23% off
                





The Galaxy Z Fold 3 is Samsung’s latest attempt at making foldable phones more mainstream. It’s expensive, sure, but it’s also more durable than previous models and comes with a 120Hz display and support for the once-exclusive S Pen. To qualify for this price cut, you need to activate the phone with a carrier on the day of purchase.







              $1,400
              

at Best Buy
            





              $1,500
              

at Amazon
            





The slick Galaxy Z Fold 3 is on sale in the 256GB configuration with a free pair of Galaxy Buds 2 for $1,500 at Amazon. If you prefer the best price outright, with no need for extras, Best Buy has it for just $1,400 with activation. Normally $1,800, Samsung’s current discount makes for one of the better deals we’ve seen on the luxury foldable. Read our review.

















Google Pixel 5A




                $399
              

                $449
              

                  12% off
                





As the mid-range Pixel phone, the Pixel 5A features a 6.34-inch 1080p OLED, same best-in-class camera, with IP67 water resistance, and three years of software support from Google. You’ll be among the first to experience the latest Android build, like Android 12 that is already released for the 5A.







              $399
              

at Google
            






A rare discount on the Google Pixel 5A has reduced the price of the phone to $400 at the Google Store, knocking $50 off the regular price. While all eyes are on the new Pixel 6, we still stand by the Pixel 5A as a solid and affordable entry. Featuring one of the best cameras available in a mid-range smartphone, the 5G-compatible 5A also comes equipped with 128GB of onboard storage, IP67 water resistance, and improved battery life. Read our review.
You can get $300 on a Walmart e-gift card with the purchase of an iPhone 13 or iPhone 13 Mini on either AT&T or Verizon. The exact amount depends on which iPhone you choose (see below), and you can also get an additional $250 Walmart e-gift card by trading in an eligible phone. The deal runs through December 3rd, but you need to activate the new phone no later than December 3rd at 11:59PM local time to take advantage of the deal. If you prefer to get this deal and trade-in squared away in person, you need to schedule an in-person appointment. This in-store deal also ends on December 3rd.



    Related
  
The best phone you can buy right now
The best Cyber Monday 2021 phone deals

The best deals available on smart home tech

















Google Nest Hub Max




                $179
              

                $229
              

                  22% off
                





The Nest Hub Max has a 10-inch screen and integrated camera for making video calls. It is Google’s largest and most complete Google Assistant smart display.







              $179
              

at Google
            





              $179
              

at Walmart
            






The Google Nest Hub Max is the best and biggest smart home assistant in the Google ecosystem. Currently, you can save $50 on this smart hub at the Google Store and Walmart, bringing the price down to $179. The display’s built-in camera allows you to make video calls, and the 10-inch screen allows you to access media from your favorite streaming services or cast just about anything from your phone. In our review, we noted that we were particularly impressed by this device’s ability to display personalized content based on who is looking at the screen.

A two-pack of Google Nest Wifi routers costs just $209 at Amazon, down from $299. A single unit of the Nest Wifi Router has been reduced to $139 at the Google Store, $30 off the regular price. You can also grab a bundle with a single access point for $179, or two access points for $249. Read our full review.
A single Eero 6 dual-band mesh Wi-Fi router costs just $77 $83 at Amazon and $84 at Best Buy. The previous lowest price was around $90.
Eero is offering up to 35 percent off its excellent mesh Wi-Fi routers that have Thread radios built-in (and which Eero has said will get upgraded to the new smart home standard Matter, when it arrives next year). An Eero 6 two-pack is currently down to $181 from $279 at Amazon and Eero. Read our full Eero review.

The Eufy RoboVac 11S is on sale at Amazon and Walmart for $138, nearly matching the best price we’ve seen on the no-frills robot vacuum.
Meta’s Portal Go, the portable smart display, is $50 off at Amazon. It costs $149, and could be a good fit if you have friends and family that can’t live without video chatting via Messenger and other apps.
Google’s lozenge-shaped Nest Mini is available for $25 at Best Buy and Walmart, half off the original price tag. In his review, Verge staffer Cameron Faulkner called the smart speaker a great sounding upgrade over the last-gen Home Mini.
A bundle containing the Roomba i3 Plus with a self-emptying base and the Braava Jet m6 mop is on sale at Best Buy for $585 (regularly $850). You can also pick up the Roomba i3 Plus with Clean Base on its own for $400, regularly $599.
The battery-operated Nest Doorbell is down to just $130 in the Google Store, $50 off its regular price tag. Read our full review.

Google and Walmart have reduced the price of the Nest Audio, the big sibling to the Nest Mini, to $60 in select colorways. This smart speaker comes packaged with Google Assistant and can be paired with other Nest speakers for additional audio coverage. Read our full review.


















Yeedi K650 Wi-Fi robot vacuum




                $120
              

                $180
              

                  34% off
                





Yeedi’s K650 robot vacuum has all of the smarts and power required to suck up dust, dirt, and pet hair from your floor into its 800-milliliter bin. It’s compatible with Google Assistant and Amazon Alexa, if you just want to queue it up with your voice.







              $120
              

at Amazon
            






The Yeedi K650 was already an affordable robot vacuum at $180. Amazon currently has it on sale for $120 when you clip the coupon on the page, however, which beats the Robovac’s previous all-time low. It doesn’t offer lidar or virtual boundaries, but it’s a great budget bot that can handle the basics.
Amazon’s stalwart, third-gen Echo Dot smart speaker can be had at Amazon for just $20 right now, down from $40, a great deal on a still good speaker to control your smart home. Note this deal is only available if you choose the option that gives you six months free of Amazon Music Unlimited. Read our full review.

The best discount we’ve seen on the Nest Learning Thermostat is now live at the Google Store, allowing you to save $70 on a single unit or $150 on a two-pack, lowering the prices to $180 and $348, respectively.
Abode’s great little Abode Cam 2, an indoor / outdoor camera that works with or without an Abode system, is $25 at Abode. If you want to add a security system, too, Abode has an excellent bundle exclusively on its website for $299, a savings of $300. It includes the Abode Cam 2, the security gateway, a keypad, two door sensors, a motion sensor, a keyfob, and an Echo Show 5, with the option of professional monitoring.



    Related
  
The best smart displays for every home
The best Cyber Monday smart home tech deals: speakers, cameras, robots, and more

The best gaming deals available


Mass Effect: Legendary Edition for Xbox — which is compatible with Xbox One, Series S, or Series X — is on sale for just $28 $33 at Amazon, the best price we’ve seen on the optimized, three-game collection.
If you have a Nintendo Switch, a GoPro, or any other device that accepts microSD cards, give it a huge boost in storage with this SanDisk 512GB microSD card for just $55 $63 at Amazon.

Back 4 Blood, the spiritual successor to Left 4 Dead 2 (it was even made by the same team) is all the way down to $25 $40 at GameStop. The game usually costs $60, though Xbox owners should just subscribe to Game Pass instead, as it’s available there.

Ratchet and Clank: Rift Apart, one of the best PlayStation 5 exclusives to date, is down to just $50 at Amazon and GameStop. Read our full review.
The PlayStation 4 version of Hades is available at GameStop for just $20, down from its usual sale price of $35.


















Razer Viper 8 KHz




                $50
              

                $80
              

                  38% off
                





Virtually indistinguishable from older models in appearance, this version of the Razer Viper adopts a new 20K DPI optical sensor and features an 8,000Hz polling rate.







              $50
              

at Best Buy
            






If you’re looking for a solid gaming mouse, the latest iteration of the Razer Viper is on sale for $40 $50 at Best Buy, its second-lowest price to date. The latest model retains the same lightweight and ambidextrous chassis that made the original so good, but ups the ante with a 20K DPI sensor and a polling rate of 8000Hz.

Razer’s Wolverine V2 wired gaming controller, which is essentially an affordable version of the Xbox Elite controller, is on sale at Amazon as part of a bundle with a Kaira Pro gaming headset. Normally $250, you can pick up both peripherals for $170 $175 for a limited time.
Razer’s Wolverine V2 wired Xbox/PC controller with customizable triggers and macro buttons is $69 $75 at Amazon.

Razer’s DeathAdder V2 Pro wireless gaming mouse is $76 for My Best Buy members. This mouse originally sold for $130, and it’s among the most comfortable options available.



    Related
  
The best wired or wireless gaming mouse you can buy
Cyber Monday deals for PS5, Xbox Series X, Nintendo Switch, and PC gaming
GameStop’s best Cyber Monday deals: games, accessories, and more

The best deals available on cameras

















GoPro Hero 10 Black




                $450
              

                $500
              

                  10% off
                





The GoPro Hero 10 Black offers a new processor making it possible to shoot in 4K resolution at 120 frames per second.







              $450
              

at Amazon
            





              $450
              

at Best Buy
            






The latest GoPro, the GoPro Hero10 Black, is currently selling at its lowest price ever. Normally $500, B&H is now selling the popular action cam for $450. The Hero10 Black boasts all the amazing features found on its predecessor — which we once called the “biggest, baddest action camera out there” — and more, like a new processor that allows it to shoot in higher frame rates and upload videos to the cloud while charging. It’s also compatible with Hero9 accessories, meaning those looking to upgrade won’t necessarily need to purchase new add-ons. Read our review.

The touchscreen-equipped Insta360 One X2 is on sale at Amazon for $365, the best price we’ve seen on the rugged 360-degree camera. Read our hands-on impressions.
B&H is selling the Canon EOS R mirrorless camera for $1,599 instead of $1,800. Read our Canon EOS R review.

Sony’s ZV-1 point-and-shoot camera is currently on sale for $746 with a vlogger accessory kit at B&H, a savings of $150. The bundle includes the 20MP, 4K-capable camera as well as a wireless shooting grip and a 64GB memory card.



    Related
  
The best Cyber Monday deals on cameras and lenses

Other great deals happening now










Vjeran Pavic / The Verge


The AfterShokz Aeropex open-ear headphones are $30 off at Best Buy and Amazon (it includes a complimentary sports bag at Amazon). These rest near your temples, using bone conduction to transmit sound instead of covering your ears. This is a popular choice among bikers, as it’s a safer alternative to earbuds if you want to listen to music or podcasts, or to talk on the phone. The Verge’s Dieter Bohn ranked these as his favorite model.

















Western Digital My Passport SSD




                $230
              

                $380
              

                  40% off
                





This My Passport model from Western Digital sports sequential read / write speeds of 1,050MB/s and 1,000MB/s, respectively. It comes in multiple colors and includes a USB Type-A adapter in the box.







              $230
              

at Amazon (2TB)
            





              $450
              

at Amazon (4TB)
            






If you’re looking to add some storage space to your PC, Amazon is currently discounting Western Digital’s 2TB and 4TB My Passport models in a variety of colors. Typically $380, you can buy the 2TB SSD for $230, or the 4TB model for $450. Western Digital claims up to sequential read / write speeds of 1,050MB/s and 1,000MB/s, respectively, and the deal also includes a USB Type-A adapter in the box.
Amazon is currently offering some excellent savings on a variety of Shure microphones. These include some of the heavy-hitters of the podcast world, like the legendary Shure SM7B going for $359 instead of $399 at Amazon.
This 38-inch soundbar from Samsung is currently available for $280 at Best Buy, its lowest price to date. The 7.1 soundbar comes packaged with a wireless subwoofer and rear-channel speakers, too, helping keep cable clutter to a minimum.
The excellent Razer Kiyo is discounted to $70 at Amazon and Best Buy, the second-lowest price we’ve seen for the 1080p webcam, which features a built-in ring light.








        Sign up for the
        
          newsletter
        
      
      Verge Deals
    
Subscribe to get the best Verge-approved tech deals of the week.






Just one more thing!
Please confirm your subscription to Verge Deals via the verification email we just sent you.




Email (required)






        By signing up, you agree to our Privacy Notice and European users agree to the data transfer policy.
        
      
Subscribe









Cryptocurrency miners in Kazakhstan are facing widespread electricity shortages amid a surge in mining, as reported by the Financial Times. Kazakhstan has been grappling with an overloaded energy grid as miners flock in from China, which cracked down on crypto earlier this year and banned crypto-based transactions in September.
Over 87,849 “power-intensive” mining rigs have made their way from China to Kazakhstan
According to the Financial Times, Kazakhstan’s demand for electricity has risen about eight percent since the beginning of 2021, a sharp increase from the one or two percent annual growth that the country typically experiences. The Financial Times’ research also estimates that over 87,849 “power-intensive” mining rigs have made their way from China to Kazakhstan. The country now sits in the number two spot — just behind the US — as one of the hottest crypto mining spots, according to data from the University of Cambridge.
Just last month, three of Kazakhstan’s most vital coal-fired power plants faced emergency shutdowns. In light of the outages, Coindesk reports that the country’s Ministry of Energy would start restricting new mining farms from using more than 100 megawatts (MW) over the course of two years, but later walked back on this limitation for lawful miners. 
To help mitigate power outages, Kazakhstan Electricity Grid Operating Company (KEGOC) also warned that it will begin rationing power to 50 government-registered crypto miners, as noted by the Financial Times. Kazakh officials reportedly attribute the power crunch to an increase in “grey miners,” otherwise known as unregistered miners who illegally mine for crypto. Experts estimate that these miners are responsible for consuming 1200 megawatts (MW) from the country’s strained power grid (via Financial Times).
Starting in 2022, Kazakhstan will start making legitimate miners pay up, both to help distinguish registered miners from “gray” ones, as well as to help ease power shortages. The country plans on charging legitimate miners 1 Kazakhstan tenge ($0.0023) per kWh. But for now, Kazakhstan may have to rely on Russian energy company Inter RAO, which it came to an agreement with earlier this month, to provide an extra boost of power during the cold winter months.


Little sad to shut down our mining farm in south KZ. Last container is ready to be sent. So much work, people, hopes are ruined. Country risk played out pic.twitter.com/J8ZMg6GeUI— Didar (@didar_bekbau) November 24, 2021



The southern portion of Kazakhstan has been hit especially hard by the shortages, as Coindesk notes that this part of the country is low on power plants, and the main grid sometimes struggles to deliver power to the region. The Kazakhstan-based crypto firm, Xive, which provides space and power for customers’ mining rigs, was recently forced to shut down over 2,500 mining machines due to the energy crunch. Didar Bekbau, the co-founder of the company tweeted a video of mining rigs loaded in the back of a truck. “Little sad to shut down our mining farm in south [Kazakhstan],” Bekbau writes. “So much work, people, hopes are ruined.”
Energy issues related to cryptocurrency aren’t limited to just Kazakhstan. Iran, which also has a system for licensed and unlicensed miners, banned cryptocurrency mining for four months in May as an attempt to stave off blackouts. Meanwhile, crypto miners are migrating en masse to Texas, thanks to its cheap power costs and relaxed regulations. Experts expect the demand for electricity to reach well over 5,000MW, which is especially concerning as Texas experienced a major blackout of its own earlier this year.

Microsoft-owned GitHub experienced a more than two-hour long outage today, affecting thousands or potentially millions of developers that rely on its many services. GitHub started experiencing issues at around 3:45PM ET, with Git operations, API requests, GitHub actions, packages, pages, and pull requests all affected.
“We’re investigating errors affecting most GitHub services,” said an incident update on the GitHub status page. “We’re actively investigating and will provide an update as soon as possible.” 
While Git operations, API requests, webhooks, pull requests, GitHub actions, GitHub packages, and GitHub pages were down for more than two hours, these services are now fully back online.
GitHub is now home to more than 73 million developers that rely on the service for version control via Git and hosting for software development. GitHub is a large code repository that has become very popular with developers and companies hosting entire projects and code on the service. Apple, Amazon, Google, Facebook, and many other big tech companies use GitHub. 
There are more than 100 million repositories hosted on GitHub, so any outages impact a large amount of organizations. GitHub went down for two hours last year, after errors hit the service and knocked it briefly offline. This latest outage comes just weeks after former GitHub CEO Nat Friedman stepped down, and the company continues to operate as an independent Microsoft-owned business.
Update, November 27th 6:20PM ET: Article updated with latest server status.
Update, November 27th 6:40PM ET: GitHub is now fully online.
﻿


India has instructed the public not to preorder Starlink, SpaceX’s satellite-based internet service, according to a report from Reuters. As the report notes, the Indian government says that the company needs to obtain a license to operate in the country before it starts deploying its services. 


Accordingly, the Government of India has asked the company to comply with Indian regulatory framework for rendering the satellite based communication services and refrain from booking/rendering the satellite internet services in India with immediate effect.— DoT India (@DoT_India) November 26, 2021



“Public is advised not to subscribe to Starlink services being advertised,” a tweet from India’s Department of Telecommunications (DoT) reads. The DoT also says it asked Starlink to refrain from “booking / rendering the satellite internet services in India.” In other words, Starlink will have to put preorders on hold until it can get approval from the Indian government.
Starlink faced scrutiny from the Indian government in April, when the DoT began examining whether Starlink’s beta rollout broke any of India’s telecom laws (via Economic Times). As noted by Economic Times, the DoT’s move came as the Broadband India Forum (BIF), an independent policy forum that represents Big Tech companies like Amazon, Google, Microsoft, and Facebook, pushed the DoT to stop the presale of Starlink devices without a license.
Reuters states that since Starlink officially registered its business in India on November 1st, it has already seen over 5,000 preorders in the country. There’s no word on whether the existing preorders will be canceled, or if customers will just have to wait a little longer. Starlink plans to deploy 200,000 devices in India by 2022, with 80 percent located in rural areas (via Reuters).
Right now, Starlink has around 140,000 beta users in 20 different countries, as reported earlier this month by PCMag. Musk predicts that there will be over 500,000 Starlink customers within the next year.

Update November 27th, 2:20PM ET: Amazon has sold out of PlayStation 5 consoles. We’ll be sure to keep you up to date when we hear of another round of restocks.
Sony’s latest gaming console, the PS5, is one of many gaming gadgets that are hard to find in stock right now due to mostly online-only sales. If you are trying to get your hands on one, Amazon has restocked PS5 consoles right now, while supplies last (these links will help you add it directly to your cart — Disc, Digital). The consoles are only available for Amazon Prime subscribers, continuing a trend of retailers restricting access to consoles for paying subscribers only. If you can’t add it to your cart, keep trying, occasionally the sites restock over a period of a few minutes. We will update this post once Amazon confirms it’s out of stock.


    Related
  
The Verge’s Guide to Black Friday 2021
The best Black Friday deals you can get right now

I strongly suggest buying a one-year membership to PlayStation Plus, as the perks of having a subscription are great for PS5 users. Most notably, it nets you access to the PlayStation Plus Collection, which is a digital library of some of the most popular first- and third-party titles released on the PS4 such as Bloodborne and The Last of Us Remastered. I also advise picking up an extra DualSense controller. 

















PlayStation Plus digital subscription (annual)




                $40
              

                $60
              

                  34% off
                





A membership to PlayStation Plus allows PlayStation 4 and PS5 owners to play games online, download free titles every month, and take advantage of discounts on the PS Store.







              $40
              

at Best Buy
            





              $40
              

at Amazon
            






















Sony DualSense Controller




                $69
              

                $70
              

                  2% off
                





First, there’s the controller. Every new PS5 includes one DualSense controller. Unlike the DualShock controllers, the DualSense has a two-color scheme and a more ergonomic design. The controller also features adaptive triggers, a built-in microphone, and haptic feedback, with some games taking advantage of the controller’s features to provide more immersion.

In addition to working with the PS5, the DualSense can connect to Android and iOS devices wirelessly. The controller will also connect wirelessly to a PC if your computer supports Bluetooth. If not, you can connect the DualSense to a PC using a USB cable.

The white controller usually retails for around $70, but sometimes you can find it on sale for $60 — the same goes for the new midnight black and cosmic red shades unveiled in May. The DualSense is a good successor to the PS4’s controller, given all the improvements that come with it. If you already owned a PS4 or own a DualShock 4, however, you can still use the controller on the PS5, but it will only work while playing PS4 games.








              $69
              

at Amazon
            





              $70
              

at Best Buy
            





PlayStation 5 deals
While you might not be able to find a PS5 console in time for the holidays (fingers are crossed for you, though), you can at least stock up on games and accessories that would normally cost you more than they do right now. Keep in mind that all of the deals below (with the exception of the digital games from the PlayStation Store) are the disc versions of the games, requiring the $500 PS5 console that has a disc drive. Here are the best deals currently running: 


Call of Duty: Vanguard is $54 at GameStop (usually $70)

Back 4 Blood is $25 at GameStop (usually $60)

Hades is $20 at Amazon, Target, and Walmart, or digital via PlayStation (usually $30)

Marvel’s Guardians of the Galaxy is $30 at Target, Amazon and Best Buy (originally $60)

Final Fantasy VII Remake Intergrade is $45 at Best Buy, or digital via PlayStation for $47 (usually $70)

Demon’s Souls is $40 at GameStop, Target, and Best Buy, or digital via PlayStation (originally $70)

Deathloop is $30 at Target and Best Buy, or digital via PlayStation (usually $60)

Marvel’s Spider-Man: Miles Morales Ultimate Edition that includes a remastered version of 2017’s Marvel’s Spider-Man is $50 at Best Buy or digital via PlayStation (originally $70)

Ghost of Tsushima Director’s Cut is $50 at Best Buy and Target (originally $70)

Resident Evil Village is $20 at GameStop, Best Buy, and Target (originally $50)

Ratchet & Clank: Rift Apart is $50 at Best Buy, or digital via PlayStation (originally $70)

Mass Effect Legendary Edition is $25 at GameStop and Walmart (usually $60)

Far Cry 6 is $25 at Target $35 at Amazon (originally $60)

Returnal is $50 at Best Buy and Target, or digital via PlayStation (originally $70)

Death Stranding Director’s Cut is $40 at Best Buy (down from $50)
Samsung’s 980 Pro 1TB M.2 SSD that’s certified for use in the PS5 is down to $170 at Amazon — the lowest price yet. Make sure to snag a heatsink, though, or else it could very well overheat in your console.



    Related
  
PlayStation 5 review: a big, confident step into next gen



Owlet has stopped selling its lineup of smart baby monitoring socks, which are supposed to track a baby’s vital signs and sleep patterns, after receiving a warning letter from the Food and Drug Administration (FDA). First reported by Deseret News, the FDA’s letter states that Owlet’s Smart Socks are considered medical devices, as they provide heart rate and oxygen level notifications, and that the company has been selling them without the proper “marketing approval, clearance, or authorization” from the FDA.
The FDA didn’t “identify any safety concerns about the Smart Sock”
Owlet has since pulled its family of Smart Socks, as well as any bundles that include the device from its site. “The Owlet Sock family of products is currently unavailable,” the Smart Socks’ product page reads. “Check back in the coming weeks to see the newest addition to the nest.” Owlet Smart Socks still appear to be available on other online marketplaces, like Bed Bath & Beyond, Amazon, and BuyBuyBaby — for the time being at least. Owlet Smart Socks will still be available for purchase outside of the US.
The FDA explains that the Smart Socks are medical devices, specifically because they measure blood oxygen saturation and heart rate with the intent to “identify (diagnose) desaturation and bradycardia and provide an alarm to notify users that measurements are outside preset values.” As mentioned in the letter, Owlet previously asserted that its Smart Socks are low-risk products, not medical devices. The FDA has apparently been notifying the brand that this isn’t the case since 2016.
Owlet posted a response to the FDA on its site, noting that it plans on complying with the FDA’s request, and will seek marketing approval for its features that track heart rate and blood oxygen levels. The company also states that the FDA didn’t “identify any safety concerns about the Smart Sock,” and reassures existing sock owners that “there has not been any change” to its functionality.
“The Smart Sock’s safety has been validated by third parties, in which it was shown to be safe”
Owlet also hints at introducing a new, similar product in its letter, stating that it plans on offering “a new sleep monitoring solution,” which will be available “soon.” The Verge reached out to Owlet about its upcoming product and whether that will replace the Smart Sock, but didn’t immediately hear back.
Smart baby monitors, like Owlet’s Smart Socks, have been criticized in the past. Doctors have suggested that they may actually put infants at risk, due to the fact that they’re not classified as medical devices, and aren’t subject to certain regulations and oversight.
“The Smart Sock’s safety has been validated by third parties, in which it was shown to be safe,” Owlet asserts in its post. “In addition, the letter we received from the agency [the FDA] did not identify any safety concern about the Smart Sock.”

If you missed out on a few great deals during Cyber Monday or Black Friday, don’t worry, you still have another chance to save big on some popular tech products. It’s “Cyber Week,” meaning that many retailers are still delivering some of the best deals of the year for you to grab all week long. Below, we’ve curated some of the top discounts you can still take advantage of on wireless noise-canceling headphones, earbuds, phones, laptops, TVs, video games, and more. Take a look, and if you like what you see,  you may want to buy the product sooner than later. These particular deals could disappear at a moment’s notice. 
If they do sell out, fret not. It’s very likely that December will bring some repeat deals, plus new sales because of the holidays. If you want to keep receiving the latest deal-related updates then even after this week is over so you can continue to save, subscribe to our Verge Deals newsletter. We compile the savings that you need to know about, then send them to you twice a week.


    Related
  
Know the holiday shipping and return policies for Apple, Google, Microsoft, and others

Deal highlights

















Lenovo Chromebook Duet (128GB)




                $249
              

                $299
              

                  17% off
                





The Chromebook Duet boasts long battery life and has a 16:10 aspect ratio display to fit more content on the screen at once. The Duet can be used as a tablet or a laptop. On the downside, it has just one USB-C port and no 3.5mm headphone jack.







              $249
              

at Best Buy
            






Lenovo’s Chromebook Duet is currently on sale at Best Buy for $249 ($100 off), matching the best price we’ve seen on the budget-friendly Chromebook, which comes with 4GB of RAM, 128GB of storage, and a detachable keyboard. Read our full review.
The 40mm, GPS version of the Apple Watch Series 6 is also available at Best Buy for $300, giving you another more affordable alternative to buying the latest Series 7.
Best Buy is currently running a buy two, get one free promotion on select Nintendo Switch games, including Super Mario Odyssey and Donkey Kong Country: Tropical Freeze.
Amazon is hosting a deal where it will knock $10 off when you spend at least $100 on select gaming items.
If you’re looking for a battery-powered doorbell, the new Blink video doorbell is just $35 at Amazon (with delayed shipping), a savings of $10. It can also be wired, if you prefer.
The tiny Blink Mini camera is selling for even less. Just $20 at Amazon right now, down from $35, this is the cheapest indoor smart security camera you can buy right now. Read our review.
The blue Ember Smart Mug 2, a 14-ounce mug that allows you to control the temperature thanks to a built-in battery, is down to $100 at Best Buy, $30 off the initial list price.
RAVPower is taking 35 percent off several of its chargers when you use various promo codes. You can, for instance, buy this $28 two-pack of 20W iPhone 13 chargers for $13 when you use promo code RT50, or this 90W battery bank for $58 instead of $89 with promo code CM35.

The best deals available on 4K TVs

















LG’s C1 OLED (48-inch)




                $1,197
              

                $1,297
              

                  8% off
                





LG’s C1 OLED starts with a 48-inch model, going up to 83 inches. All sizes of this OLED feature a 120Hz refresh rate, FreeSync and G-Sync support, and a fast processor.







              $1,197
              

at Amazon
            





              $1,199
              

at Best Buy
            





Amazon still has a sizeable discount on all sizes of one of the best TVs for gaming, the LG C1. The 48-inch model is on sale for $1,197 instead of $1,297, while the 55-inch is selling for $1,297 and the 65-inch for $1,797. Regardless of which configuration you choose, all sport several features gamers will love, including a 120Hz refresh rate, Dolby Vision HDR compatibility, and support for HDMI 2.1. Best Buy is offering the same discounts on the 55- and 65-inch models. 


    Related
  
The best deals on 4K TVs

The best deals available on streaming devices and services

















Roku Streaming Stick 4K (2021 model)




                $30
              

                $50
              

                  41% off
                





The Roku Streaming Stick 4K supports all the major streaming services, as well as HDR10 Plus and Dolby Vision. It is also compatible with all three voice assistants: Siri, Alexa, and the Google Assistant.







              $30
              

at Target
            





The latest Roku Streaming Stick 4K, which just launched in September, is selling at Target, and Best Buy at a record low. Normally $50, the retailer is offering the streaming device for around $30. The 2021 model is faster, comes with improved Wi-Fi performance, and supports Dolby Vision and HDR10 Plus. Roku’s players also now support AirPlay 2, which means you can use your iPhone, iPad, or Mac to easily cast content to the device. Read our review.


















Chromecast with Google TV




                $40
              

                $50
              

                  20% off
                





The Chromecast with Google TV introduces new software that brings together recommendations from all of your streaming services. It also supports Dolby Vision and Dolby Atmos.







              $40
              

at Walmart
            





              $40
              

at Best Buy
            






This accessible Roku alternative from Google features support for Dolby Atmos and Dolby Vision, and the current sale at the Google Store, Walmart, and Best Buy has brought the Chromecast with Google TV down to $40, saving you $10 off the regular price. The streaming device features access to all of your favorite streaming services and has a built-in voice assistant to help you find your favorite shows. You can even cast media from your phone through the Chromecast app. Read our review.
The Roku Streambar is discounted to just $80 at Amazon, $50 off the initial list price. It may not be the best-sounding soundbar out there, but the convenient all-in-one solution features a built-in Roku Streaming Stick 4K Plus, support for Apple’s AirPlay 2, and Bluetooth.



    Related
  
The Cyber Monday streaming deals for Hulu, YouTube TV, and more

The best deals available on laptops and tablets

















MacBook Air with M1 (13-inch)




                $900
              

                $999
              

                  10% off
                





The MacBook Air is Apple’s entry-level laptop, which comes outfitted with the company’s new M1 chip and in one of three different colors (silver, space gray, and gold).







              $900
              

at Best Buy
            





              $900
              

at Amazon
            






Apple’s MacBook Air with the M1 processor is $100 off at Best Buy and Amazon. This brings the starting price down to $900 for the base model that has 8GB of RAM and a 256GB SSD.
Razer is offering a $200 gift card to its online store when you purchase one of its Razer Blade 15 Base gaming laptops, which start at $1,799.99.
The Lenovo Yoga 9i remains one of our favorite alternatives to the Microsoft Surface line of ultrabooks and, right now, Best Buy is offering the slick 2-in-1 for $1,350. While this model received a similar discount a couple of months ago, it still remains a solid value. The foldable laptop boasts some impressive specs, too, with an 11th Gen Core i7 CPU, 512GB of storage, and Iris Xe integrated graphics. This hardware, paired with a 4K touchscreen display and a garaged stylus, makes the 9i a great choice for creators.


















Lenovo Yoga 9i




                $1,350
              

                $1,750
              

                  23% off
                





The Lenovo Yoga 9i is a portable, convertible laptop with standout audio and a garaged stylus.







              $1,350
              

at Best Buy
            






Many Surface Pro 7 models are discounted. Our recommended model is the configuration that includes an Intel Core i5 processor, 8GB of RAM, and 128GB of storage for $700 ($200 off). Note that this Surface also doesn’t include a Type Cove.
The latest model of the Dell XPS 13 takes what made last year’s model so great and makes it better. For Cyber Monday, Dell has marked down this configuration with an Intel Core i7-1195G7, 16GB of RAM, and a 512GB SSD to $1,229, taking about $400 off the regular MSRP. Read our review.


















Dell XPS 13 (2021)




                $1,229
              

                $1,629
              

                  25% off
                





The latest model of the Dell XPS 13 brings an 11th Gen Intel Core i7 CPU to bear and combines it with Intel Iris Xe graphics for an exceptionally powerful, yet compact, notebook.







              $1,229
              

at Dell
            







Samsung’s 11.6-inch Galaxy Chromebook 4 is now on sale for $180 instead of $250 at Amazon. This particular model includes 4GB of RAM and 64GB of onboard storage.
The Dell XPS 15 ultrabook is currently enjoying a solid discount. Dell has reduced the price of this particular configuration to $2,199, taking $396 off the usual price tag. This is the best deal we’ve seen on this laptop so far, with some retailers charging as much as $2,600 for the same configuration. This model boasts some impressive specs with an 11th Gen Core i9 CPU and an RTX 3050 Ti graphics card, not to mention 32GB of RAM and a 1TB SSD. Our reviewer, Monica Chin, liked the 16:10 display and snappy keyboard, even though the XPS 15 tended to get a little hot under load. Read our full review.


















Dell XPS 15 (2020)




                $2,199
              

                $2,595
              

                  16% off
                





This configuration of the Dell XPS 15 laptop uses an RTX 3050Ti CPU paired with an 11th Gen Core i9 CPU, making it an excellent laptop for power users. This model also has 32GB of RAM and a 1TB SSD for storage.  







              $2,199
              

at Dell
            





If you need a powerful iPad with plenty of storage and a gorgeous display, B&H is selling the Wi-Fi version of the latest 12.9-inch iPad Pro with 256GB of storage for its lowest price to date. Normally $1,199, the retailer is currently selling the silver variant for $1,149. In Dieter Bohn’s review, he deemed this model to be the nicest iPad available, even with its strange camera placement. The 2021 iPad Pro is also a speed demon thanks to Apple’s M1 chip and comes with welcome features such as a Mini LED display, Thunderbolt connectivity, Wi-Fi 6 support, and Face ID, which allows you to unlock the device with just a glance.

















12.9-inch Apple iPad Pro (Wi-Fi, 256GB)




                $1,149
              

                $1,199
              

                  5% off
                





Apple’s latest iPad Pro also comes with the company’s own M1 processor and Thunderbolt, however, the 12.9-inch model also touts the best display of any tablet available.







              $1,149
              

at B&H Photo
            







    Related
  
The best laptop you can buy in 2021
The best Cyber Monday laptop deals 2021

The best deals available on noise-canceling headphones

















Bose’s QuietComfort 35 Series II




                $200
              

                $300
              

                  34% off
                





These lightweight, over-ear wireless headphones have one of the best active noise cancellation effects to silence distractions. 







              $200
              

at Target
            





              $200
              

at Best Buy
            






Regularly $300, the Bose QuietComfort 35 Noise Canceling Wireless Headphones II are currently selling for around $200 at Target and Best Buy. Released in 2017, these wireless, noise-canceling headphones can seamlessly switch between two paired devices and, unlike their predecessor, support both Alexa and Google Assistant.
The Bose QuietComfort 45, a pair of headphones that offer best-in-class comfort and terrific active noise cancellation, are on sale in either black or white at Amazon, Best Buy, and Walmart for $279, their best price to date. Read our full review.
Sony’s excellent WH-1000XM4 noise-canceling headphones are among the best headphones you can buy, and they’re $248 (usually $350) at Best Buy and Amazon. Get these if you know someone who values great sound quality and comfort.
Apple’s AirPods Max are selling for $479 in every colorway from Amazon, down from their hefty $549 standard price. The AirPods Max justify their price with top-tier sound quality, terrific noise cancellation, great voice call performance, and the usual deep integration with Apple’s ecosystem of devices. Read our review.


















Beats Solo 3




                $100
              

                $200
              

                  51% off
                





The Beats Solo 3 feature decent sound quality and excellent wireless performance. They also sport some extra goodies if you’re an Apple user, namely the ability to access Siri using the earcup-mounted navigation buttons.







              $100
              

at Target (pink)
            





              $100
              

at Amazon
            





Apple’s discontinued Beats Solo 3 are on sale in select colorways for $100 right now at Amazon and Target, which is $100 off the original price tag. Although they’re beginning to show their age, we initially praised the comfortable headphones in our 2016 review and noted how well they isolate exterior noise. They also offer great wireless performance and come in two colorways: black and rose gold.


    Related
  
The best noise-canceling headphones to buy right now
The best Cyber Monday deals on noise-canceling headphones 2021

The best deals still available on true wireless earbuds

The latest AirPods are seeing their biggest discount yet at Amazon. Normally $180, they’re $150 right now at checkout. While we still recommend the AirPods Pro if you can afford them, the third-gen AirPods sport shorter stems, IPX4 water resistance, and improved sound over the last-gen model. Read our full review.
Amazon’s second-generation Echo Buds that include a wireless charging case are just $90 (down from $140). This is the best deal that we’ve seen yet. If you don’t need a wireless charging case, the set that includes a case you’ll need to plug in to charge is just $70.


















Samsung Galaxy Buds Pro




                $160
              

                $200
              

                  21% off
                





Samsung’s Galaxy Buds Pro have a blend of tech found in the Buds Plus and Buds Live, with the best sound quality the company has achieved yet in a pair of earbuds.







              $160
              

at Amazon
            





              $160
              

at Best Buy
            






Regularly $200, the Galaxy Buds Pro are currently on sale for around $150 at Amazon. In our review, we noted how much we loved their amazing sound quality and IPX7 water resistance.
The Samsung Galaxy Buds Plus, the improved version of the original Galaxy Buds, are available for $79 at Walmart. This deal brings them well below their typical $100 price tag, making them an excellent value. In our review, we noted their drastic improvement in battery life as well as their comfortable fit. While Samsung has since improved on this design with the Galaxy Buds 2, adding noise cancellation among other features, their higher price point makes them a slightly tougher sell.


















Samsung Galaxy Buds Live




                $100
              

                $170
              

                  42% off
                





Samsung’s unconventional wireless earbuds are shaped like beans, but they produce a powerful sound and come with lengthy battery life.







              $100
              

at Amazon
            





              $100
              

at Walmart
            





The Galaxy Buds Live are another great option if you’re looking for a pair of true wireless earbuds. Normally these shiny ear beans cost $170, but are currently on sale for just $100 at Samsung, Amazon, Best Buy, Walmart, and B&H Photo. Despite their unconventional shape, our reviewer Chris Welch liked their overall sound quality and marathon battery life but thought the noise cancellation could use some improvement.

















Sony WF-1000XM4




                $248
              

                $280
              

                  12% off
                





Sony’s WF-1000XM4 have the best noise cancellation of any true wireless earbuds, and the sound quality is second to none. With a new design that’s smaller and rated IPX4, the earbuds also can now be charged wirelessly.







              $248
              

at Amazon
            





              $248
              

at Best Buy
            







Amazon and Best Buy are currently selling Sony’s WF-1000XM4, our top pick for the best wireless earbuds, for around $248 instead of $280. Read our review.

Sennheiser’s Momentum True Wireless 2 are down to just $168 at Amazon in black. Normally $300, the excellent noise-canceling earbuds offer great ANC performance, customizable controls, and sound that can nearly match that of a premium pair of noise-canceling over-ear headphones. Read our full review.



    Related
  
The best wireless earbuds to buy right now
The best Cyber Monday deals on true wireless earbuds



Verge Deals on Twitter
    Join our over 40,000 followers, and keep up with our best daily tech deals with @vergedeals
  

Follow us!


The best deals available on smartwatches and fitness trackers

















Apple Watch Series 7 




                $380
              

                $399
              

                  5% off
                





The latest Apple Watch comes in a number of styles with either GPS or LTE. As we noted in our review, it’s a great wearable. Unlike its predecessor, it has a bigger screen, multiple timers, and faster charging. Besides a few iterative changes, however, it’s not drastically different than the Series 6.







              $380
              

at Amazon (41mm, GPS)
            






















Apple Watch SE (40mm, GPS)




                $239
              

                $279
              

                  15% off
                





Apple’s midrange wearable, the Apple Watch SE, serves as a step up from the Series 3, with features and a design similar to more recent flagships.







              $239
              

at Amazon
            





The best deals available on phones

















Samsung Galaxy Note 20 Ultra (128GB, unlocked)




                $1,100
              

                $1,200
              

                  9% off
                





One of two phones in the Note 20 line, the Galaxy Note 20 Ultra has a 6.9-inch 1440p OLED screen, supports up to a 120Hz refresh rate, and includes a microSD slot for expanding your storage.







              $1,100
              

at Samsung
            





The Galaxy Note 20 Ultra is on sale for just $1,100 at Samsung, $100 off the list price. While this phone doesn’t come packaged with a complimentary pair of earbuds like some other models, you do get $50 off the cost of the Galaxy Buds Pro. Amazon also has the Note 20 Ultra for $1,099 though without any additional discounts included. Read our review.

















Samsung Galaxy Z Fold 3 (256GB, unlocked)




                $1,400
              

                $1,800
              

                  23% off
                





The Galaxy Z Fold 3 is Samsung’s latest attempt at making foldable phones more mainstream. It’s expensive, sure, but it’s also more durable than previous models and comes with a 120Hz display and support for the once-exclusive S Pen. To qualify for this price cut, you need to activate the phone with a carrier on the day of purchase.







              $1,400
              

at Best Buy
            





              $1,500
              

at Amazon
            





The slick Galaxy Z Fold 3 is on sale in the 256GB configuration with a free pair of Galaxy Buds 2 for $1,500 at Amazon. If you prefer the best price outright, with no need for extras, Best Buy has it for just $1,400 with activation. Normally $1,800, Samsung’s current discount makes for one of the better deals we’ve seen on the luxury foldable. Read our review.

















Google Pixel 5A




                $399
              

                $449
              

                  12% off
                





As the mid-range Pixel phone, the Pixel 5A features a 6.34-inch 1080p OLED, same best-in-class camera, with IP67 water resistance, and three years of software support from Google. You’ll be among the first to experience the latest Android build, like Android 12 that is already released for the 5A.







              $399
              

at Google
            






A rare discount on the Google Pixel 5A has reduced the price of the phone to $400 at the Google Store, knocking $50 off the regular price. While all eyes are on the new Pixel 6, we still stand by the Pixel 5A as a solid and affordable entry. Featuring one of the best cameras available in a mid-range smartphone, the 5G-compatible 5A also comes equipped with 128GB of onboard storage, IP67 water resistance, and improved battery life. Read our review.
You can get $300 on a Walmart e-gift card with the purchase of an iPhone 13 or iPhone 13 Mini on either AT&T or Verizon. The exact amount depends on which iPhone you choose (see below), and you can also get an additional $250 Walmart e-gift card by trading in an eligible phone. The deal runs through December 3rd, but you need to activate the new phone no later than December 3rd at 11:59PM local time to take advantage of the deal. If you prefer to get this deal and trade-in squared away in person, you need to schedule an in-person appointment. This in-store deal also ends on December 3rd.



    Related
  
The best phone you can buy right now
The best Cyber Monday 2021 phone deals

The best deals available on smart home tech

















Google Nest Hub Max




                $179
              

                $229
              

                  22% off
                





The Nest Hub Max has a 10-inch screen and integrated camera for making video calls. It is Google’s largest and most complete Google Assistant smart display.







              $179
              

at Google
            





              $179
              

at Walmart
            






The Google Nest Hub Max is the best and biggest smart home assistant in the Google ecosystem. Currently, you can save $50 on this smart hub at the Google Store and Walmart, bringing the price down to $179. The display’s built-in camera allows you to make video calls, and the 10-inch screen allows you to access media from your favorite streaming services or cast just about anything from your phone. In our review, we noted that we were particularly impressed by this device’s ability to display personalized content based on who is looking at the screen.

A two-pack of Google Nest Wifi routers costs just $209 at Amazon, down from $299. A single unit of the Nest Wifi Router has been reduced to $139 at the Google Store, $30 off the regular price. You can also grab a bundle with a single access point for $179, or two access points for $249. Read our full review.
A single Eero 6 dual-band mesh Wi-Fi router costs just $77 $83 at Amazon and $84 at Best Buy. The previous lowest price was around $90.
Eero is offering up to 35 percent off its excellent mesh Wi-Fi routers that have Thread radios built-in (and which Eero has said will get upgraded to the new smart home standard Matter, when it arrives next year). An Eero 6 two-pack is currently down to $181 from $279 at Amazon and Eero. Read our full Eero review.

The Eufy RoboVac 11S is on sale at Amazon and Walmart for $138, nearly matching the best price we’ve seen on the no-frills robot vacuum.
Meta’s Portal Go, the portable smart display, is $50 off at Amazon. It costs $149, and could be a good fit if you have friends and family that can’t live without video chatting via Messenger and other apps.
Google’s lozenge-shaped Nest Mini is available for $25 at Best Buy and Walmart, half off the original price tag. In his review, Verge staffer Cameron Faulkner called the smart speaker a great sounding upgrade over the last-gen Home Mini.
A bundle containing the Roomba i3 Plus with a self-emptying base and the Braava Jet m6 mop is on sale at Best Buy for $585 (regularly $850). You can also pick up the Roomba i3 Plus with Clean Base on its own for $400, regularly $599.
The battery-operated Nest Doorbell is down to just $130 in the Google Store, $50 off its regular price tag. Read our full review.

Google and Walmart have reduced the price of the Nest Audio, the big sibling to the Nest Mini, to $60 in select colorways. This smart speaker comes packaged with Google Assistant and can be paired with other Nest speakers for additional audio coverage. Read our full review.


















Yeedi K650 Wi-Fi robot vacuum




                $120
              

                $180
              

                  34% off
                





Yeedi’s K650 robot vacuum has all of the smarts and power required to suck up dust, dirt, and pet hair from your floor into its 800-milliliter bin. It’s compatible with Google Assistant and Amazon Alexa, if you just want to queue it up with your voice.







              $120
              

at Amazon
            






The Yeedi K650 was already an affordable robot vacuum at $180. Amazon currently has it on sale for $120 when you clip the coupon on the page, however, which beats the Robovac’s previous all-time low. It doesn’t offer lidar or virtual boundaries, but it’s a great budget bot that can handle the basics.
Amazon’s stalwart, third-gen Echo Dot smart speaker can be had at Amazon for just $20 right now, down from $40, a great deal on a still good speaker to control your smart home. Note this deal is only available if you choose the option that gives you six months free of Amazon Music Unlimited. Read our full review.

The best discount we’ve seen on the Nest Learning Thermostat is now live at the Google Store, allowing you to save $70 on a single unit or $150 on a two-pack, lowering the prices to $180 and $348, respectively.
Abode’s great little Abode Cam 2, an indoor / outdoor camera that works with or without an Abode system, is $25 at Abode. If you want to add a security system, too, Abode has an excellent bundle exclusively on its website for $299, a savings of $300. It includes the Abode Cam 2, the security gateway, a keypad, two door sensors, a motion sensor, a keyfob, and an Echo Show 5, with the option of professional monitoring.



    Related
  
The best smart displays for every home
The best Cyber Monday smart home tech deals: speakers, cameras, robots, and more

The best gaming deals available


Mass Effect: Legendary Edition for Xbox — which is compatible with Xbox One, Series S, or Series X — is on sale for just $28 $33 at Amazon, the best price we’ve seen on the optimized, three-game collection.
If you have a Nintendo Switch, a GoPro, or any other device that accepts microSD cards, give it a huge boost in storage with this SanDisk 512GB microSD card for just $55 $63 at Amazon.

Back 4 Blood, the spiritual successor to Left 4 Dead 2 (it was even made by the same team) is all the way down to $25 $40 at GameStop. The game usually costs $60, though Xbox owners should just subscribe to Game Pass instead, as it’s available there.

Ratchet and Clank: Rift Apart, one of the best PlayStation 5 exclusives to date, is down to just $50 at Amazon and GameStop. Read our full review.
The PlayStation 4 version of Hades is available at GameStop for just $20, down from its usual sale price of $35.


















Razer Viper 8 KHz




                $50
              

                $80
              

                  38% off
                





Virtually indistinguishable from older models in appearance, this version of the Razer Viper adopts a new 20K DPI optical sensor and features an 8,000Hz polling rate.







              $50
              

at Best Buy
            






If you’re looking for a solid gaming mouse, the latest iteration of the Razer Viper is on sale for $40 $50 at Best Buy, its second-lowest price to date. The latest model retains the same lightweight and ambidextrous chassis that made the original so good, but ups the ante with a 20K DPI sensor and a polling rate of 8000Hz.

Razer’s Wolverine V2 wired gaming controller, which is essentially an affordable version of the Xbox Elite controller, is on sale at Amazon as part of a bundle with a Kaira Pro gaming headset. Normally $250, you can pick up both peripherals for $170 $175 for a limited time.
Razer’s Wolverine V2 wired Xbox/PC controller with customizable triggers and macro buttons is $69 $75 at Amazon.

Razer’s DeathAdder V2 Pro wireless gaming mouse is $76 for My Best Buy members. This mouse originally sold for $130, and it’s among the most comfortable options available.



    Related
  
The best wired or wireless gaming mouse you can buy
Cyber Monday deals for PS5, Xbox Series X, Nintendo Switch, and PC gaming
GameStop’s best Cyber Monday deals: games, accessories, and more

The best deals available on cameras

















GoPro Hero 10 Black




                $450
              

                $500
              

                  10% off
                





The GoPro Hero 10 Black offers a new processor making it possible to shoot in 4K resolution at 120 frames per second.







              $450
              

at Amazon
            





              $450
              

at Best Buy
            






The latest GoPro, the GoPro Hero10 Black, is currently selling at its lowest price ever. Normally $500, B&H is now selling the popular action cam for $450. The Hero10 Black boasts all the amazing features found on its predecessor — which we once called the “biggest, baddest action camera out there” — and more, like a new processor that allows it to shoot in higher frame rates and upload videos to the cloud while charging. It’s also compatible with Hero9 accessories, meaning those looking to upgrade won’t necessarily need to purchase new add-ons. Read our review.

The touchscreen-equipped Insta360 One X2 is on sale at Amazon for $365, the best price we’ve seen on the rugged 360-degree camera. Read our hands-on impressions.
B&H is selling the Canon EOS R mirrorless camera for $1,599 instead of $1,800. Read our Canon EOS R review.

Sony’s ZV-1 point-and-shoot camera is currently on sale for $746 with a vlogger accessory kit at B&H, a savings of $150. The bundle includes the 20MP, 4K-capable camera as well as a wireless shooting grip and a 64GB memory card.



    Related
  
The best Cyber Monday deals on cameras and lenses

Other great deals happening now










Vjeran Pavic / The Verge


The AfterShokz Aeropex open-ear headphones are $30 off at Best Buy and Amazon (it includes a complimentary sports bag at Amazon). These rest near your temples, using bone conduction to transmit sound instead of covering your ears. This is a popular choice among bikers, as it’s a safer alternative to earbuds if you want to listen to music or podcasts, or to talk on the phone. The Verge’s Dieter Bohn ranked these as his favorite model.

















Western Digital My Passport SSD




                $230
              

                $380
              

                  40% off
                





This My Passport model from Western Digital sports sequential read / write speeds of 1,050MB/s and 1,000MB/s, respectively. It comes in multiple colors and includes a USB Type-A adapter in the box.







              $230
              

at Amazon (2TB)
            





              $450
              

at Amazon (4TB)
            






If you’re looking to add some storage space to your PC, Amazon is currently discounting Western Digital’s 2TB and 4TB My Passport models in a variety of colors. Typically $380, you can buy the 2TB SSD for $230, or the 4TB model for $450. Western Digital claims up to sequential read / write speeds of 1,050MB/s and 1,000MB/s, respectively, and the deal also includes a USB Type-A adapter in the box.
Amazon is currently offering some excellent savings on a variety of Shure microphones. These include some of the heavy-hitters of the podcast world, like the legendary Shure SM7B going for $359 instead of $399 at Amazon.
This 38-inch soundbar from Samsung is currently available for $280 at Best Buy, its lowest price to date. The 7.1 soundbar comes packaged with a wireless subwoofer and rear-channel speakers, too, helping keep cable clutter to a minimum.
The excellent Razer Kiyo is discounted to $70 at Amazon and Best Buy, the second-lowest price we’ve seen for the 1080p webcam, which features a built-in ring light.








        Sign up for the
        
          newsletter
        
      
      Verge Deals
    
Subscribe to get the best Verge-approved tech deals of the week.






Just one more thing!
Please confirm your subscription to Verge Deals via the verification email we just sent you.




Email (required)






        By signing up, you agree to our Privacy Notice and European users agree to the data transfer policy.
        
      
Subscribe









Years after its failed Steam Machines, Valve is slowly but surely improving the state of Linux gaming. The company’s upcoming Steam Deck handheld runs atop Linux, and its Proton compatibility layer lets it — and other computers — play Windows games as well. Now, Valve has officially added support for Nvidia’s DLSS machine learning temporal upscaling technique to Proton, potentially bringing big FPS boosts and less flicker in games that support the technology. 
As Phoronix reports (via Tom’s Hardware), Proton 6.3-8 is the first stable release to include support for DLSS, after the feature previously hit experimental builds in October, though it appears you’ll still need to set PROTON_ENABLE_NVAPI=1 and dxgi.nvapiHack = False to turn it on. DLSS won’t come to the AMD-powered Steam Deck, of course, since it requires proprietary Nvidia machine learning silicon, but we recently learned the Steam Deck will support AMD’s arguably much less capable FSR. 


    Related
  
Steam Deck: Five big things we learned from Valve’s developer summit
Don’t take Nvidia’s word for it — try Nvidia’s awesome new image comparison tool instead  

The new version of Proton also claims to enable support for a host of additional Windows games on Linux in general, including the celebrated Deathloop, Age of Empires 4, and both Marvel’s Guardians of the Galaxy and Mass Effect Legendary Edition (though apparently those last two have limitations that are still being worked out). 
And, Valve says 6.3-8 is the release that includes “support for an initial set of BattlEye games,” referring to the BattlEye anti-cheat software that may or may not be holding back some of the most popular Steam games from having proper working multiplayer on the Steam Deck and Linux in general. (Ball’s in  definitely in the developers’ court.)
You can find the full changelog here at Valve’s GitHub. Nvidia originally announced it would work with Valve to bring DLSS to Linux back in June.

Spotify says it’s retiring its Car View feature, which was introduced at the beginning of 2019 as a way to make the app less distracting and easier to control while driving (via 9to5Google). It’s currently unclear if the feature is going away on all platforms or just Android, and while some users won’t miss it, many others are unhappy it’s being removed without a reasonable replacement.
Confirmation of the change actually came back in October, when a Spotify moderator responded to a post on its community forum asking why the feature was missing. The moderator wrote:

We can confirm that we’re retiring the car view feature. This however doesn’t mean we don’t want to improve on how our users listen to Spotify while driving. On the contrary, we’re actively exploring a variety of new ways to deliver the best in-car listening experience. Think of retiring car-view as something that needs to happen in an effort to make way for new innovations coming down the track.
Please bear with us for the time being. While we work backstage on improving the experience, one alternative would be to listen hands-free via Google Assistant. This feature also works with Google Maps so you can navigate while listening to Spotify. In order to do that, you can link your accounts and say ‘Hey Google, play Spotify’. 

“We’re actively exploring a variety of new ways to deliver the best in-car listening experience”
A follow-up comment from another moderator mentioned that Spotify was “also retiring certain features like [its] in-car Now Playing View for Android,” again to make way for new features. 
As Android Police points out, this plan has upset many users — in the comments section for the post, people say that removing the Car View made it harder for them to use Spotify safely while driving. Some have also accused Spotify of removing Car View to sell its $80 Car Thing device, which acts as a display and remote control for the music streaming service and is currently only available to Premium subscribers via a waitlist.










Some Spotify customers are very unhappy about the change.


At the moment, Car View still works on my iPhone, but not on my Android device. The Android app’s settings screen does have a Car section, but it only contains a button to set up a Car Thing and text that reads “always pay full attention to the road and abide with all traffic regulations.” Spotify didn’t immediately respond to request for clarification from The Verge on whether it planned to retire Car View on all platforms.
 









Android Auto for phone screens can give you a rough approximation of Spotify’s Car View.



If Spotify does remove Car View from its iOS app, you’ll still be able to control your music hands-free with Siri by adding “on Spotify” on the end of any voice command. (For example: “play Adele on Spotify.” Saying “next track” or “pause” will also work if music is currently playing from the service.) Siri can remember your preferred streaming service, so you may not always have to ask it to use Spotify, but in typical Siri fashion that feature can be a little flaky.
On Android, you can have Google Assistant default to using Spotify, and on both platforms you can activate Spotify controls within Google Maps (though the buttons are significantly smaller than they are in Spotify’s Car View). Some cars will also let you control Spotify via CarPlay, or Android Auto. You can run the latter on your phone’s screen as well, which will give you a similar interface to Car View.
Spotify’s moderators haven’t responded in the thread (which has over 108 comments) with any estimate on when users can expect a replacement for Car View, or what that replacement will look like. It seems difficult to believe that Spotify couldn’t have kept the feature active while working on a replacement, but it seems determined to keep going down this road given the lack of replies during the past month. We asked Spotify if the user backlash affected its plans, and will update this story if we hear back.

Good gaming GPUs are still selling for ridiculous sums on eBay, because they’re practically impossible to find at retail — particularly for anything close to their MSRP. But if you’re willing to buy an entire prebuilt gaming PC instead, there are four specific Black Friday deals I think are worthy of bringing to your attention. 
RTX 3080
You can get this true 4K graphics card in one specific configuration of the HP Omen 30L (GT13-1380z) for just $1,611, paired with an AMD Ryzen 5600X and, admittedly, a paltry 8GB of RAM and a very small 256GB SSD that you’ll probably want to upgrade later.
You won’t see that GPU or that price when you first click the link; you’ll need to add the $40 premium for the case with the 800W power supply first, then select the RTX 3080 graphics card. To get the full discount, add the coupon code HOLIDAY10 at checkout. 


    Related
  
The best early Cyber Monday deals happening now

We saw the RTX 3080 fetching an average of $1,773 on eBay last week — just for the graphics card by itself.










The HP Omen 30L. The 25L is similar but smaller, and without the front lit-up fan.


RTX 3070 Ti
NZXT’s handsome $1,799 Streaming Plus PC might be more expensive than HP’s 3080 offering, but it pairs the RTX 3070 Ti with the more multitasking savvy AMD Ryzen 7 5800X CPU — and at 16GB/1TB it’s got twice the RAM and quadruple the SSD storage of HP’s desktop, plus what I think is a much more attractive design. It’s also got a 750W Gold-certified power supply and a two-year warranty.
No coupon code needed here; you’ll see the $1799 price at checkout.










NZXT’s PC comes prebuilt in the company’s own Kraken M22 case.


RTX 3060 Ti
Two worthy options here:


$1,188 for an HP Omen 25L (GT12-1340m) with an AMD Ryzen 5600X, RTX 3060 Ti, a 600W PSU, and the same 8GB/256GB RAM and storage as its larger cousin. Again, you’ll enter HOLIDAY10 at checkout. 

$1,372 for this Alienware Aurora R12 with a 3060 Ti, 16GB of RAM, a 512GB SSD and an 11th-gen Core i7-11700F. Unless you’re on a serious budget or ecstatic about AMD processors, I think this is the better deal over HP, with more-than-your-money’s-worth of extra memory and storage, a similarly capable processor with a couple extra cores and an easy-to-upgrade toolless chassis design. If I were in the market, it’s the one I’d buy myself.











The Alienware Aurora swings open for upgrades.



Update November 27th, 12:45PM ET: our first Black Friday live blog has ended, however, many of the deals we noted below still remain. For more deal highlights, be sure to check out our guide to the best Black Friday deals you can still get and our ongoing Black Friday coverage.
After weeks of tracking early deals, Black Friday is finally upon us. The deals team at The Verge has been working tirelessly to find you the best sales from across the tech landscape, whether they’re happening at retailers like Best Buy and Target or in the product categories we know our fellow gadget nerds crave most. And now that the big day is here, we have something special planned for you.
All of our writers working the deals beat this year are here to keep you up to speed throughout the shopping event, with a dedicated liveblog covering the latest Lightning Deals from Amazon as they happen. We’ll also highlight some of the better, non-Lightning Deals and let you know when we update some of our bigger deal roundups, like our guides to the best phone deals and best laptop deals. So keep an eye on this space to stay in the know and save yourself some money during this sacred commercial holiday.


    Related
  
The Verge Holiday Gift Guide 2021
The best Black Friday 2021 tech deals still available

Black Friday 2021 Lightning Deal live blog



Samsung has quietly added two new devices to its entry-level A-series lineup: the Galaxy A03 and Galaxy A03 Core. And while both devices don’t yet have a set price, we can predict that they’ll both be pretty affordable, considering how Samsung prices the rest of its A-series devices.










The Samsung Galaxy A03 has a dual rear camera with a 48MP main sensor.
Photo by Samsung


An infographic posted on Samsung’s site outlines the A03’s specs (via 9to5Google). The device comes with a dual rear camera with a 48MP main sensor and a 2MP depth sensor, which helps the camera focus on the main subject of the photo rather than giving you a different ultrawide or zoomed in perspective. Meanwhile, the front of the device comes with a waterdrop notch containing a 5MP selfie camera. 
The A03 sports a 6.5-inch HD Plus Infinity-V display, and a 5,000mAh battery. In terms of performance, it comes with an unspecified octa-core 1.6GHz chipset, as well as options for 3GB or 4GB of RAM and 32GB, 64GB, or 128GB of internal storage.










The Samsung Galaxy A03 Core comes with an 8MP camera on its rear.
Photo by Samsung


Details for the separate Galaxy A03 Core can also be found on Samsung’s website, but unlike the standard A03, it doesn’t have a fancy infographic. As its name implies, it seems like the A03 Core is a stripped-down version of the standard Galaxy A03.
The device has a single 8MP camera on its rear and a 5MP selfie camera, packing 2GB of RAM and 32GB of built-in storage. Aside from that, the device also has a 5,000mAh battery, and the same 6.5-inch display size as the A03. Like the base A03, Samsung has yet to reveal which company manufactures the A03 Core’s octa-core chipset.
The Galaxy A03 will be available in blue, red, and black, while the Galaxy A03 Core just comes in blue and black. Samsung doesn’t provide any details on pricing, but judging by the A03s’ £139 (around $185 USD) price tag — which was released outside of US markets in September — the A03 and A03 Core will likely have similar budget-friendly prices. 
It’s unclear which version of Android these phones will ship with, or when Samsung will officially release the devices. Samsung also doesn’t explicitly state where the A03 and A03 Core will be available, but there’s a possibility that they’ll both reach the US, considering that the A02s and other A-series phones did earlier this year.

Today through November 30th (next Tuesday), some of our favorite virtual shopkeepers are having a “Nook Friday” sale in Animal Crossing: New Horizons (via Eurogamer). If you’ve been drawn back in by the game’s recent update, it could be a chance to save 30 percent on items for your island or on in-game gifts — I’m currently trying to decide whether my wife would rather have a virtual train set, or a real-life air fryer.
In the spirit of the holidays, you could also pick up some virtual presents for friends, particularly if Timmy and Tommy stock items you know would fit perfectly in their kitchen (a room they may actually use now thanks to the new cooking mechanic). You can check out our sister site Polygon’s full guide to mailing gifts in ACNH, but the TL;DR is that you go to Dodo Airlines and interact with the card rack. From there, you attach items using the gift icon, letting you send your friend a thrifty (yet thoughtful) present. 










Got anything that’s free though?


If, for some reason, your friends and family would prefer “real life” gifts, stay tuned to The Verge today, where we’re keeping track of the best Black Friday deals. We’ve even got a live blog if you’re the type of person who wants to get a jump on deals.

A new study adds to a growing pile of evidence that Venus may be volcanically active — a finding that, if true, would help explain how volcanoes impact planetary evolution and habitability across the cosmos. The research, which focuses on strange signals coming from a Venusian volcano called Idunn Mons, is fueling excitement about future missions to Earth’s nearest neighbor that will settle the matter once and for all.
It’s long been known that Venus is covered in some seriously surreal volcanoes. But it is impossible to tell from Earth whether they are still oozing lava today, because Venus’ thick and hazy atmosphere obscures whatever may be happening on the ground. 
Now, using archival observations from old orbiter missions and the results of experimental work conducted on Earth, a team of scientists is making the case that the 1.5-mile high, 125-mile wide Idunn Mons has been active within the past few thousand years and is likely still erupting today. They won’t have to wait long to confirm their hunch: within the next decade, a small squadron of missions capable of detecting volcanic activity on the surface will begin their journeys to Venus.
Justin Filiberto, the branch chief in Astromaterials Research and Exploration Science (ARES) Research Office at NASA Johnson Space Center and co-author of the study published last month in The Planetary Science Journal, says that at this point he doesn’t think “anyone would be surprised that, when we got to Venus, we’d find evidence of volcanic activity.” 
Still, confirming that suspicion would have major implications. Like Earth, Venus once had an ocean’s worth of water, but today it’s an arid wasteland with a dense, acid-laden atmosphere and a surface hot enough to melt lead. A leading explanation for Venus’ hellish transformation is the epic volcanic eruptions that kickstarted irreversible climate change. Studying Venus’ volcanoes up close, then, will help us better understand why Earth has not (yet) undergone a similar eruptive apocalypse. And while dead volcanoes would offer some clues, volcanoes are a lot easier to comprehend if you can observe them in action.
“The likelihood of there being no active volcanism on Venus must be functionally zero”
While there’s no direct evidence of active volcanism on Venus, there are several indirect clues. The high concentration of sulfur dioxide, a common volcanic gas, in Venus’ atmosphere makes much more sense if volcanoes are still belching it out today. Venus’ surface features tectonic rift zones — hotspots of volcanic activity on Earth — as well as cauldron-like volcanic features which are sometimes shaped in a way that suggests they are being transformed by underlying heat. More straightforwardly, it would be bizarre if Venus was volcanically dead because of its size. “Venus is basically the same size as Earth. Earth isn’t volcanically dead, so why would we expect Venus to be?” says Lauren Jozwiak, a planetary volcanologist at the Johns Hopkins University Applied Physical Laboratory.
The new study brings an array of evidence together to suggest that the magmatic heart of Idunn Mons is still beating today.
Europe’s Venus Express orbiter, which circled the planet from 2006 to 2014, found lava flow deposits all over —including at Idunn Mons — that were glowing in infrared. Venus’ corrosive atmosphere quickly chews up volcanic minerals, dimming their infrared glow. So these intense thermal emissions were thought to represent lavas that had erupted as recently as 250,000 years ago. But recent experimental work, in which volcanic minerals were baked under Venusian atmospheric conditions and degraded faster than previously thought, implies the lavas may have erupted within the last 1,000 years. And at Idunn Mons specifically, winds are being disrupted more than would be expected based on the volcano’s topography. The authors suggest heat from molten rocks may be adding to the turbulence above the volcano.
Jozwiak, who wasn’t involved with the study, says it represents “really compelling case work.” But ultimately, future spacecraft missions to Venus, including NASA’s VERITAS and DAVINCI+ missions and Europe’s EnVision probe, which are slated to launch toward the end of this decade, will be the ones to confirm its suspicions.
VERITAS (the Venus Emissivity, Radio Science, InSAR, Topography, and Spectroscopy mission) is kitted out with a state-of-the-art radar system that will be able to identify fresh lava unambiguously. It will make multiple passes of the same areas mapped by an earlier radar-equipped orbiter known as Magellan. If a lava flow pops up that wasn’t there when Magellan visited Venus in the early 1990s, VERITAS will find it. NASA’s intrepid orbiter may even spot new lava flows that pop up during its tenure around the planet. VERITAS’s infrared camera will also make youthful lava flows that are still emitting heat easy to spot.
These three future missions will soon unearth the answer
While VERITAS will study giant patches of the planet, Europe’s EnVision orbiter will conduct surgical scientific strikes. Its radar system will examine the ground for recent signs of volcanic or tectonic terraforming, and its infrared and ultraviolet spectrometers will look for curious chemical concoctions on the land and in the sky. If the spacecraft focuses on a volcano that’s spewing lava or noxious gases, or a quiet one whose magma is radiating heat from beneath the surface, it will know.
DAVINCI+ (Deep Atmosphere Venus Investigation of Noble Gases, Chemistry, and Imaging Plus) is going to drop a probe through Venus’ atmosphere that will document its chemistry as it plunges to its death on the surface. With DAVINCI+ providing a profile of the volcanic gases present at that moment in time, scientists working with VERITAS and EnVision will be able to more easily identify spikes in the concentrations of those gases — indications than a recent eruption has topped them up.
To many planetary scientists, confirming that Venus is volcanically active is a mere formality at this point. “It would be truly astonishing if it wasn’t,” says Richard Ghail, a planetary geologist at the Royal Holloway University of London and EnVision’s lead scientist. Paul Byrne, a planetary scientist at Washington University in St. Louis, agrees. “The likelihood of there being no active volcanism on Venus must be functionally zero,” says Byrne. 
For Ghail and others, the exciting thing about future missions to Venus is what they will be able to tell us about how active it is. Is it more like Earth, where dozens of eruptions occur every day, or like Mars, a volcanically comatose world where giant cascades of molten rock might flood the surface every few million years? Some suspect Venus will erupt to its own beat; others believe its rhythm will hew closer to our planet’s own. These three future missions will soon unearth the answer, putting decades of volcanic speculation to rest. 
“I think we’re going to be writing brand new textbooks about Venus once all of these missions get there,” says Filiberto. “It’s going to change how we think about planetary evolution.”

If you missed out on a few great deals during Cyber Monday or Black Friday, don’t worry, you still have another chance to save big on some popular tech products. It’s “Cyber Week,” meaning that many retailers are still delivering some of the best deals of the year for you to grab all week long. Below, we’ve curated some of the top discounts you can still take advantage of on wireless noise-canceling headphones, earbuds, phones, laptops, TVs, video games, and more. Take a look, and if you like what you see,  you may want to buy the product sooner than later. These particular deals could disappear at a moment’s notice. 
If they do sell out, fret not. It’s very likely that December will bring some repeat deals, plus new sales because of the holidays. If you want to keep receiving the latest deal-related updates then even after this week is over so you can continue to save, subscribe to our Verge Deals newsletter. We compile the savings that you need to know about, then send them to you twice a week.


    Related
  
Know the holiday shipping and return policies for Apple, Google, Microsoft, and others

Deal highlights

















Lenovo Chromebook Duet (128GB)




                $249
              

                $299
              

                  17% off
                





The Chromebook Duet boasts long battery life and has a 16:10 aspect ratio display to fit more content on the screen at once. The Duet can be used as a tablet or a laptop. On the downside, it has just one USB-C port and no 3.5mm headphone jack.







              $249
              

at Best Buy
            






Lenovo’s Chromebook Duet is currently on sale at Best Buy for $249 ($100 off), matching the best price we’ve seen on the budget-friendly Chromebook, which comes with 4GB of RAM, 128GB of storage, and a detachable keyboard. Read our full review.
The 40mm, GPS version of the Apple Watch Series 6 is also available at Best Buy for $300, giving you another more affordable alternative to buying the latest Series 7.
Best Buy is currently running a buy two, get one free promotion on select Nintendo Switch games, including Super Mario Odyssey and Donkey Kong Country: Tropical Freeze.
Amazon is hosting a deal where it will knock $10 off when you spend at least $100 on select gaming items.
If you’re looking for a battery-powered doorbell, the new Blink video doorbell is just $35 at Amazon (with delayed shipping), a savings of $10. It can also be wired, if you prefer.
The tiny Blink Mini camera is selling for even less. Just $20 at Amazon right now, down from $35, this is the cheapest indoor smart security camera you can buy right now. Read our review.
The blue Ember Smart Mug 2, a 14-ounce mug that allows you to control the temperature thanks to a built-in battery, is down to $100 at Best Buy, $30 off the initial list price.
RAVPower is taking 35 percent off several of its chargers when you use various promo codes. You can, for instance, buy this $28 two-pack of 20W iPhone 13 chargers for $13 when you use promo code RT50, or this 90W battery bank for $58 instead of $89 with promo code CM35.

The best deals available on 4K TVs

















LG’s C1 OLED (48-inch)




                $1,197
              

                $1,297
              

                  8% off
                





LG’s C1 OLED starts with a 48-inch model, going up to 83 inches. All sizes of this OLED feature a 120Hz refresh rate, FreeSync and G-Sync support, and a fast processor.







              $1,197
              

at Amazon
            





              $1,199
              

at Best Buy
            





Amazon still has a sizeable discount on all sizes of one of the best TVs for gaming, the LG C1. The 48-inch model is on sale for $1,197 instead of $1,297, while the 55-inch is selling for $1,297 and the 65-inch for $1,797. Regardless of which configuration you choose, all sport several features gamers will love, including a 120Hz refresh rate, Dolby Vision HDR compatibility, and support for HDMI 2.1. Best Buy is offering the same discounts on the 55- and 65-inch models. 


    Related
  
The best deals on 4K TVs

The best deals available on streaming devices and services

















Roku Streaming Stick 4K (2021 model)




                $30
              

                $50
              

                  41% off
                





The Roku Streaming Stick 4K supports all the major streaming services, as well as HDR10 Plus and Dolby Vision. It is also compatible with all three voice assistants: Siri, Alexa, and the Google Assistant.







              $30
              

at Target
            





The latest Roku Streaming Stick 4K, which just launched in September, is selling at Target, and Best Buy at a record low. Normally $50, the retailer is offering the streaming device for around $30. The 2021 model is faster, comes with improved Wi-Fi performance, and supports Dolby Vision and HDR10 Plus. Roku’s players also now support AirPlay 2, which means you can use your iPhone, iPad, or Mac to easily cast content to the device. Read our review.


















Chromecast with Google TV




                $40
              

                $50
              

                  20% off
                





The Chromecast with Google TV introduces new software that brings together recommendations from all of your streaming services. It also supports Dolby Vision and Dolby Atmos.







              $40
              

at Walmart
            





              $40
              

at Best Buy
            






This accessible Roku alternative from Google features support for Dolby Atmos and Dolby Vision, and the current sale at the Google Store, Walmart, and Best Buy has brought the Chromecast with Google TV down to $40, saving you $10 off the regular price. The streaming device features access to all of your favorite streaming services and has a built-in voice assistant to help you find your favorite shows. You can even cast media from your phone through the Chromecast app. Read our review.
The Roku Streambar is discounted to just $80 at Amazon, $50 off the initial list price. It may not be the best-sounding soundbar out there, but the convenient all-in-one solution features a built-in Roku Streaming Stick 4K Plus, support for Apple’s AirPlay 2, and Bluetooth.



    Related
  
The Cyber Monday streaming deals for Hulu, YouTube TV, and more

The best deals available on laptops and tablets

















MacBook Air with M1 (13-inch)




                $900
              

                $999
              

                  10% off
                





The MacBook Air is Apple’s entry-level laptop, which comes outfitted with the company’s new M1 chip and in one of three different colors (silver, space gray, and gold).







              $900
              

at Best Buy
            





              $900
              

at Amazon
            






Apple’s MacBook Air with the M1 processor is $100 off at Best Buy and Amazon. This brings the starting price down to $900 for the base model that has 8GB of RAM and a 256GB SSD.
Razer is offering a $200 gift card to its online store when you purchase one of its Razer Blade 15 Base gaming laptops, which start at $1,799.99.
The Lenovo Yoga 9i remains one of our favorite alternatives to the Microsoft Surface line of ultrabooks and, right now, Best Buy is offering the slick 2-in-1 for $1,350. While this model received a similar discount a couple of months ago, it still remains a solid value. The foldable laptop boasts some impressive specs, too, with an 11th Gen Core i7 CPU, 512GB of storage, and Iris Xe integrated graphics. This hardware, paired with a 4K touchscreen display and a garaged stylus, makes the 9i a great choice for creators.


















Lenovo Yoga 9i




                $1,350
              

                $1,750
              

                  23% off
                





The Lenovo Yoga 9i is a portable, convertible laptop with standout audio and a garaged stylus.







              $1,350
              

at Best Buy
            






Many Surface Pro 7 models are discounted. Our recommended model is the configuration that includes an Intel Core i5 processor, 8GB of RAM, and 128GB of storage for $700 ($200 off). Note that this Surface also doesn’t include a Type Cove.
The latest model of the Dell XPS 13 takes what made last year’s model so great and makes it better. For Cyber Monday, Dell has marked down this configuration with an Intel Core i7-1195G7, 16GB of RAM, and a 512GB SSD to $1,229, taking about $400 off the regular MSRP. Read our review.


















Dell XPS 13 (2021)




                $1,229
              

                $1,629
              

                  25% off
                





The latest model of the Dell XPS 13 brings an 11th Gen Intel Core i7 CPU to bear and combines it with Intel Iris Xe graphics for an exceptionally powerful, yet compact, notebook.







              $1,229
              

at Dell
            







Samsung’s 11.6-inch Galaxy Chromebook 4 is now on sale for $180 instead of $250 at Amazon. This particular model includes 4GB of RAM and 64GB of onboard storage.
The Dell XPS 15 ultrabook is currently enjoying a solid discount. Dell has reduced the price of this particular configuration to $2,199, taking $396 off the usual price tag. This is the best deal we’ve seen on this laptop so far, with some retailers charging as much as $2,600 for the same configuration. This model boasts some impressive specs with an 11th Gen Core i9 CPU and an RTX 3050 Ti graphics card, not to mention 32GB of RAM and a 1TB SSD. Our reviewer, Monica Chin, liked the 16:10 display and snappy keyboard, even though the XPS 15 tended to get a little hot under load. Read our full review.


















Dell XPS 15 (2020)




                $2,199
              

                $2,595
              

                  16% off
                





This configuration of the Dell XPS 15 laptop uses an RTX 3050Ti CPU paired with an 11th Gen Core i9 CPU, making it an excellent laptop for power users. This model also has 32GB of RAM and a 1TB SSD for storage.  







              $2,199
              

at Dell
            





If you need a powerful iPad with plenty of storage and a gorgeous display, B&H is selling the Wi-Fi version of the latest 12.9-inch iPad Pro with 256GB of storage for its lowest price to date. Normally $1,199, the retailer is currently selling the silver variant for $1,149. In Dieter Bohn’s review, he deemed this model to be the nicest iPad available, even with its strange camera placement. The 2021 iPad Pro is also a speed demon thanks to Apple’s M1 chip and comes with welcome features such as a Mini LED display, Thunderbolt connectivity, Wi-Fi 6 support, and Face ID, which allows you to unlock the device with just a glance.

















12.9-inch Apple iPad Pro (Wi-Fi, 256GB)




                $1,149
              

                $1,199
              

                  5% off
                





Apple’s latest iPad Pro also comes with the company’s own M1 processor and Thunderbolt, however, the 12.9-inch model also touts the best display of any tablet available.







              $1,149
              

at B&H Photo
            







    Related
  
The best laptop you can buy in 2021
The best Cyber Monday laptop deals 2021

The best deals available on noise-canceling headphones

















Bose’s QuietComfort 35 Series II




                $200
              

                $300
              

                  34% off
                





These lightweight, over-ear wireless headphones have one of the best active noise cancellation effects to silence distractions. 







              $200
              

at Target
            





              $200
              

at Best Buy
            






Regularly $300, the Bose QuietComfort 35 Noise Canceling Wireless Headphones II are currently selling for around $200 at Target and Best Buy. Released in 2017, these wireless, noise-canceling headphones can seamlessly switch between two paired devices and, unlike their predecessor, support both Alexa and Google Assistant.
The Bose QuietComfort 45, a pair of headphones that offer best-in-class comfort and terrific active noise cancellation, are on sale in either black or white at Amazon, Best Buy, and Walmart for $279, their best price to date. Read our full review.
Sony’s excellent WH-1000XM4 noise-canceling headphones are among the best headphones you can buy, and they’re $248 (usually $350) at Best Buy and Amazon. Get these if you know someone who values great sound quality and comfort.
Apple’s AirPods Max are selling for $479 in every colorway from Amazon, down from their hefty $549 standard price. The AirPods Max justify their price with top-tier sound quality, terrific noise cancellation, great voice call performance, and the usual deep integration with Apple’s ecosystem of devices. Read our review.


















Beats Solo 3




                $100
              

                $200
              

                  51% off
                





The Beats Solo 3 feature decent sound quality and excellent wireless performance. They also sport some extra goodies if you’re an Apple user, namely the ability to access Siri using the earcup-mounted navigation buttons.







              $100
              

at Target (pink)
            





              $100
              

at Amazon
            





Apple’s discontinued Beats Solo 3 are on sale in select colorways for $100 right now at Amazon and Target, which is $100 off the original price tag. Although they’re beginning to show their age, we initially praised the comfortable headphones in our 2016 review and noted how well they isolate exterior noise. They also offer great wireless performance and come in two colorways: black and rose gold.


    Related
  
The best noise-canceling headphones to buy right now
The best Cyber Monday deals on noise-canceling headphones 2021

The best deals still available on true wireless earbuds

The latest AirPods are seeing their biggest discount yet at Amazon. Normally $180, they’re $150 right now at checkout. While we still recommend the AirPods Pro if you can afford them, the third-gen AirPods sport shorter stems, IPX4 water resistance, and improved sound over the last-gen model. Read our full review.
Amazon’s second-generation Echo Buds that include a wireless charging case are just $90 (down from $140). This is the best deal that we’ve seen yet. If you don’t need a wireless charging case, the set that includes a case you’ll need to plug in to charge is just $70.


















Samsung Galaxy Buds Pro




                $160
              

                $200
              

                  21% off
                





Samsung’s Galaxy Buds Pro have a blend of tech found in the Buds Plus and Buds Live, with the best sound quality the company has achieved yet in a pair of earbuds.







              $160
              

at Amazon
            





              $160
              

at Best Buy
            






Regularly $200, the Galaxy Buds Pro are currently on sale for around $150 at Amazon. In our review, we noted how much we loved their amazing sound quality and IPX7 water resistance.
The Samsung Galaxy Buds Plus, the improved version of the original Galaxy Buds, are available for $79 at Walmart. This deal brings them well below their typical $100 price tag, making them an excellent value. In our review, we noted their drastic improvement in battery life as well as their comfortable fit. While Samsung has since improved on this design with the Galaxy Buds 2, adding noise cancellation among other features, their higher price point makes them a slightly tougher sell.


















Samsung Galaxy Buds Live




                $100
              

                $170
              

                  42% off
                





Samsung’s unconventional wireless earbuds are shaped like beans, but they produce a powerful sound and come with lengthy battery life.







              $100
              

at Amazon
            





              $100
              

at Walmart
            





The Galaxy Buds Live are another great option if you’re looking for a pair of true wireless earbuds. Normally these shiny ear beans cost $170, but are currently on sale for just $100 at Samsung, Amazon, Best Buy, Walmart, and B&H Photo. Despite their unconventional shape, our reviewer Chris Welch liked their overall sound quality and marathon battery life but thought the noise cancellation could use some improvement.

















Sony WF-1000XM4




                $248
              

                $280
              

                  12% off
                





Sony’s WF-1000XM4 have the best noise cancellation of any true wireless earbuds, and the sound quality is second to none. With a new design that’s smaller and rated IPX4, the earbuds also can now be charged wirelessly.







              $248
              

at Amazon
            





              $248
              

at Best Buy
            







Amazon and Best Buy are currently selling Sony’s WF-1000XM4, our top pick for the best wireless earbuds, for around $248 instead of $280. Read our review.

Sennheiser’s Momentum True Wireless 2 are down to just $168 at Amazon in black. Normally $300, the excellent noise-canceling earbuds offer great ANC performance, customizable controls, and sound that can nearly match that of a premium pair of noise-canceling over-ear headphones. Read our full review.



    Related
  
The best wireless earbuds to buy right now
The best Cyber Monday deals on true wireless earbuds



Verge Deals on Twitter
    Join our over 40,000 followers, and keep up with our best daily tech deals with @vergedeals
  

Follow us!


The best deals available on smartwatches and fitness trackers

















Apple Watch Series 7 




                $380
              

                $399
              

                  5% off
                





The latest Apple Watch comes in a number of styles with either GPS or LTE. As we noted in our review, it’s a great wearable. Unlike its predecessor, it has a bigger screen, multiple timers, and faster charging. Besides a few iterative changes, however, it’s not drastically different than the Series 6.







              $380
              

at Amazon (41mm, GPS)
            






















Apple Watch SE (40mm, GPS)




                $239
              

                $279
              

                  15% off
                





Apple’s midrange wearable, the Apple Watch SE, serves as a step up from the Series 3, with features and a design similar to more recent flagships.







              $239
              

at Amazon
            





The best deals available on phones

















Samsung Galaxy Note 20 Ultra (128GB, unlocked)




                $1,100
              

                $1,200
              

                  9% off
                





One of two phones in the Note 20 line, the Galaxy Note 20 Ultra has a 6.9-inch 1440p OLED screen, supports up to a 120Hz refresh rate, and includes a microSD slot for expanding your storage.







              $1,100
              

at Samsung
            





The Galaxy Note 20 Ultra is on sale for just $1,100 at Samsung, $100 off the list price. While this phone doesn’t come packaged with a complimentary pair of earbuds like some other models, you do get $50 off the cost of the Galaxy Buds Pro. Amazon also has the Note 20 Ultra for $1,099 though without any additional discounts included. Read our review.

















Samsung Galaxy Z Fold 3 (256GB, unlocked)




                $1,400
              

                $1,800
              

                  23% off
                





The Galaxy Z Fold 3 is Samsung’s latest attempt at making foldable phones more mainstream. It’s expensive, sure, but it’s also more durable than previous models and comes with a 120Hz display and support for the once-exclusive S Pen. To qualify for this price cut, you need to activate the phone with a carrier on the day of purchase.







              $1,400
              

at Best Buy
            





              $1,500
              

at Amazon
            





The slick Galaxy Z Fold 3 is on sale in the 256GB configuration with a free pair of Galaxy Buds 2 for $1,500 at Amazon. If you prefer the best price outright, with no need for extras, Best Buy has it for just $1,400 with activation. Normally $1,800, Samsung’s current discount makes for one of the better deals we’ve seen on the luxury foldable. Read our review.

















Google Pixel 5A




                $399
              

                $449
              

                  12% off
                





As the mid-range Pixel phone, the Pixel 5A features a 6.34-inch 1080p OLED, same best-in-class camera, with IP67 water resistance, and three years of software support from Google. You’ll be among the first to experience the latest Android build, like Android 12 that is already released for the 5A.







              $399
              

at Google
            






A rare discount on the Google Pixel 5A has reduced the price of the phone to $400 at the Google Store, knocking $50 off the regular price. While all eyes are on the new Pixel 6, we still stand by the Pixel 5A as a solid and affordable entry. Featuring one of the best cameras available in a mid-range smartphone, the 5G-compatible 5A also comes equipped with 128GB of onboard storage, IP67 water resistance, and improved battery life. Read our review.
You can get $300 on a Walmart e-gift card with the purchase of an iPhone 13 or iPhone 13 Mini on either AT&T or Verizon. The exact amount depends on which iPhone you choose (see below), and you can also get an additional $250 Walmart e-gift card by trading in an eligible phone. The deal runs through December 3rd, but you need to activate the new phone no later than December 3rd at 11:59PM local time to take advantage of the deal. If you prefer to get this deal and trade-in squared away in person, you need to schedule an in-person appointment. This in-store deal also ends on December 3rd.



    Related
  
The best phone you can buy right now
The best Cyber Monday 2021 phone deals

The best deals available on smart home tech

















Google Nest Hub Max




                $179
              

                $229
              

                  22% off
                





The Nest Hub Max has a 10-inch screen and integrated camera for making video calls. It is Google’s largest and most complete Google Assistant smart display.







              $179
              

at Google
            





              $179
              

at Walmart
            






The Google Nest Hub Max is the best and biggest smart home assistant in the Google ecosystem. Currently, you can save $50 on this smart hub at the Google Store and Walmart, bringing the price down to $179. The display’s built-in camera allows you to make video calls, and the 10-inch screen allows you to access media from your favorite streaming services or cast just about anything from your phone. In our review, we noted that we were particularly impressed by this device’s ability to display personalized content based on who is looking at the screen.

A two-pack of Google Nest Wifi routers costs just $209 at Amazon, down from $299. A single unit of the Nest Wifi Router has been reduced to $139 at the Google Store, $30 off the regular price. You can also grab a bundle with a single access point for $179, or two access points for $249. Read our full review.
A single Eero 6 dual-band mesh Wi-Fi router costs just $77 $83 at Amazon and $84 at Best Buy. The previous lowest price was around $90.
Eero is offering up to 35 percent off its excellent mesh Wi-Fi routers that have Thread radios built-in (and which Eero has said will get upgraded to the new smart home standard Matter, when it arrives next year). An Eero 6 two-pack is currently down to $181 from $279 at Amazon and Eero. Read our full Eero review.

The Eufy RoboVac 11S is on sale at Amazon and Walmart for $138, nearly matching the best price we’ve seen on the no-frills robot vacuum.
Meta’s Portal Go, the portable smart display, is $50 off at Amazon. It costs $149, and could be a good fit if you have friends and family that can’t live without video chatting via Messenger and other apps.
Google’s lozenge-shaped Nest Mini is available for $25 at Best Buy and Walmart, half off the original price tag. In his review, Verge staffer Cameron Faulkner called the smart speaker a great sounding upgrade over the last-gen Home Mini.
A bundle containing the Roomba i3 Plus with a self-emptying base and the Braava Jet m6 mop is on sale at Best Buy for $585 (regularly $850). You can also pick up the Roomba i3 Plus with Clean Base on its own for $400, regularly $599.
The battery-operated Nest Doorbell is down to just $130 in the Google Store, $50 off its regular price tag. Read our full review.

Google and Walmart have reduced the price of the Nest Audio, the big sibling to the Nest Mini, to $60 in select colorways. This smart speaker comes packaged with Google Assistant and can be paired with other Nest speakers for additional audio coverage. Read our full review.


















Yeedi K650 Wi-Fi robot vacuum




                $120
              

                $180
              

                  34% off
                





Yeedi’s K650 robot vacuum has all of the smarts and power required to suck up dust, dirt, and pet hair from your floor into its 800-milliliter bin. It’s compatible with Google Assistant and Amazon Alexa, if you just want to queue it up with your voice.







              $120
              

at Amazon
            






The Yeedi K650 was already an affordable robot vacuum at $180. Amazon currently has it on sale for $120 when you clip the coupon on the page, however, which beats the Robovac’s previous all-time low. It doesn’t offer lidar or virtual boundaries, but it’s a great budget bot that can handle the basics.
Amazon’s stalwart, third-gen Echo Dot smart speaker can be had at Amazon for just $20 right now, down from $40, a great deal on a still good speaker to control your smart home. Note this deal is only available if you choose the option that gives you six months free of Amazon Music Unlimited. Read our full review.

The best discount we’ve seen on the Nest Learning Thermostat is now live at the Google Store, allowing you to save $70 on a single unit or $150 on a two-pack, lowering the prices to $180 and $348, respectively.
Abode’s great little Abode Cam 2, an indoor / outdoor camera that works with or without an Abode system, is $25 at Abode. If you want to add a security system, too, Abode has an excellent bundle exclusively on its website for $299, a savings of $300. It includes the Abode Cam 2, the security gateway, a keypad, two door sensors, a motion sensor, a keyfob, and an Echo Show 5, with the option of professional monitoring.



    Related
  
The best smart displays for every home
The best Cyber Monday smart home tech deals: speakers, cameras, robots, and more

The best gaming deals available


Mass Effect: Legendary Edition for Xbox — which is compatible with Xbox One, Series S, or Series X — is on sale for just $28 $33 at Amazon, the best price we’ve seen on the optimized, three-game collection.
If you have a Nintendo Switch, a GoPro, or any other device that accepts microSD cards, give it a huge boost in storage with this SanDisk 512GB microSD card for just $55 $63 at Amazon.

Back 4 Blood, the spiritual successor to Left 4 Dead 2 (it was even made by the same team) is all the way down to $25 $40 at GameStop. The game usually costs $60, though Xbox owners should just subscribe to Game Pass instead, as it’s available there.

Ratchet and Clank: Rift Apart, one of the best PlayStation 5 exclusives to date, is down to just $50 at Amazon and GameStop. Read our full review.
The PlayStation 4 version of Hades is available at GameStop for just $20, down from its usual sale price of $35.


















Razer Viper 8 KHz




                $50
              

                $80
              

                  38% off
                





Virtually indistinguishable from older models in appearance, this version of the Razer Viper adopts a new 20K DPI optical sensor and features an 8,000Hz polling rate.







              $50
              

at Best Buy
            






If you’re looking for a solid gaming mouse, the latest iteration of the Razer Viper is on sale for $40 $50 at Best Buy, its second-lowest price to date. The latest model retains the same lightweight and ambidextrous chassis that made the original so good, but ups the ante with a 20K DPI sensor and a polling rate of 8000Hz.

Razer’s Wolverine V2 wired gaming controller, which is essentially an affordable version of the Xbox Elite controller, is on sale at Amazon as part of a bundle with a Kaira Pro gaming headset. Normally $250, you can pick up both peripherals for $170 $175 for a limited time.
Razer’s Wolverine V2 wired Xbox/PC controller with customizable triggers and macro buttons is $69 $75 at Amazon.

Razer’s DeathAdder V2 Pro wireless gaming mouse is $76 for My Best Buy members. This mouse originally sold for $130, and it’s among the most comfortable options available.



    Related
  
The best wired or wireless gaming mouse you can buy
Cyber Monday deals for PS5, Xbox Series X, Nintendo Switch, and PC gaming
GameStop’s best Cyber Monday deals: games, accessories, and more

The best deals available on cameras

















GoPro Hero 10 Black




                $450
              

                $500
              

                  10% off
                





The GoPro Hero 10 Black offers a new processor making it possible to shoot in 4K resolution at 120 frames per second.







              $450
              

at Amazon
            





              $450
              

at Best Buy
            






The latest GoPro, the GoPro Hero10 Black, is currently selling at its lowest price ever. Normally $500, B&H is now selling the popular action cam for $450. The Hero10 Black boasts all the amazing features found on its predecessor — which we once called the “biggest, baddest action camera out there” — and more, like a new processor that allows it to shoot in higher frame rates and upload videos to the cloud while charging. It’s also compatible with Hero9 accessories, meaning those looking to upgrade won’t necessarily need to purchase new add-ons. Read our review.

The touchscreen-equipped Insta360 One X2 is on sale at Amazon for $365, the best price we’ve seen on the rugged 360-degree camera. Read our hands-on impressions.
B&H is selling the Canon EOS R mirrorless camera for $1,599 instead of $1,800. Read our Canon EOS R review.

Sony’s ZV-1 point-and-shoot camera is currently on sale for $746 with a vlogger accessory kit at B&H, a savings of $150. The bundle includes the 20MP, 4K-capable camera as well as a wireless shooting grip and a 64GB memory card.



    Related
  
The best Cyber Monday deals on cameras and lenses

Other great deals happening now










Vjeran Pavic / The Verge


The AfterShokz Aeropex open-ear headphones are $30 off at Best Buy and Amazon (it includes a complimentary sports bag at Amazon). These rest near your temples, using bone conduction to transmit sound instead of covering your ears. This is a popular choice among bikers, as it’s a safer alternative to earbuds if you want to listen to music or podcasts, or to talk on the phone. The Verge’s Dieter Bohn ranked these as his favorite model.

















Western Digital My Passport SSD




                $230
              

                $380
              

                  40% off
                





This My Passport model from Western Digital sports sequential read / write speeds of 1,050MB/s and 1,000MB/s, respectively. It comes in multiple colors and includes a USB Type-A adapter in the box.







              $230
              

at Amazon (2TB)
            





              $450
              

at Amazon (4TB)
            






If you’re looking to add some storage space to your PC, Amazon is currently discounting Western Digital’s 2TB and 4TB My Passport models in a variety of colors. Typically $380, you can buy the 2TB SSD for $230, or the 4TB model for $450. Western Digital claims up to sequential read / write speeds of 1,050MB/s and 1,000MB/s, respectively, and the deal also includes a USB Type-A adapter in the box.
Amazon is currently offering some excellent savings on a variety of Shure microphones. These include some of the heavy-hitters of the podcast world, like the legendary Shure SM7B going for $359 instead of $399 at Amazon.
This 38-inch soundbar from Samsung is currently available for $280 at Best Buy, its lowest price to date. The 7.1 soundbar comes packaged with a wireless subwoofer and rear-channel speakers, too, helping keep cable clutter to a minimum.
The excellent Razer Kiyo is discounted to $70 at Amazon and Best Buy, the second-lowest price we’ve seen for the 1080p webcam, which features a built-in ring light.








        Sign up for the
        
          newsletter
        
      
      Verge Deals
    
Subscribe to get the best Verge-approved tech deals of the week.






Just one more thing!
Please confirm your subscription to Verge Deals via the verification email we just sent you.




Email (required)






        By signing up, you agree to our Privacy Notice and European users agree to the data transfer policy.
        
      
Subscribe









Apple and Google have each been fined €10 million (around $11.3 million) by Italy’s competition authority for not properly obtaining a user’s consent before using their data for commercial purposes, the AGCM has announced. Both are accused of not correctly informing users when their data will be used in this way, preventing customers from being able to give their informed consent.
In a statement, Google said it disagrees with the ruling and plans to appeal. “We give people simple controls to manage their information and limit the use of personal data, and we work hard to be fully compliant with the consumer protection rules,” a spokesperson said. Apple did not immediately respond to a request for comment.
Google plans to appeal the fine
This is the second time Apple has been fined by the Italian regulator this week, after it and Amazon were hit with fines totaling over €200 million (around $225 million) on Tuesday for restricting who’s allowed to sell Apple and Beats products on Amazon’s Italian store. A 2018 agreement between the two companies meant that only certain resellers are allowed to sell the products on Amazon.it, the regulator said, adding that this broke EU competition rules. Alongside the fine, both companies were told to end the restrictions.
Both Apple and Amazon told Reuters that they plan to appeal Tuesday’s fines. Apple said that agreements like these are in place to guarantee that customers are buying genuine products. Amazon called the fine “disproportionate and unjustified” and added that its deal with Apple benefits Italian customers who “can find the latest Apple and Beats products on our store,” and are “benefiting from a catalogue that more than doubled, with better deals and faster shipping.” 
A €10 million penalty is unlikely to register on Apple or Google’s balance sheet. Apple recently reported making $83.4 billion in revenue last quarter, while Google made $65.1 billion.
Update, November 26th 7:30AM ET: Updated with Google’s statement.

Apple’s first AR headset will be released in the fourth quarter of 2022, according to a research note from analyst Ming-chi Kuo seen by MacRumors and 9to5Mac. Kuo predicted back in March that the headset would be released sometime next year, and is now also providing more technical information on the device.
The headset will have two processors, according to Kuo, one with “the same level of computing power as M1” and one lower-end chip to handle input from the various sensors. For example, Kuo says that the headset has “at least 6-8 optical modules to simultaneously provide continuous video see-through AR services.” The headset is also said to have two 4K OLED microdisplays from Sony.


    Related
  
Oculus Quest 2 review: better, cheaper VR

Kuo cites the headset’s “Mac-level (PC-level) computing power,” its ability to be operated untethered, and its wide range of applications as factors that will differentiate it from competitors. Various reports on the device have disagreed as to whether it will be wholly independent or rely on an iPhone or a separate processor box to stream content. 
Kuo seems convinced that it’ll be a standalone platform, however, writing “If the AR headset is positioned only as an accessory for the Mac or iPhone, it will not be conducive to the growth of the product. An AR headset that works independently means that it will have its own ecosystem and provide the most complete and flexible user experience.”

The Oculus Quest 2 is an all-around solid piece of hardware, and it’s a very popular holiday gift since there are some great deals happening now. But anyone who already owns one can tell you that the company’s straps leave a lot to be desired. The cloth strap included in the box isn’t supportive, and while the $50 Elite Strap addresses that, it’s quite fragile. Mine broke within a year of normal use, and surfing Oculus’ Reddit page will show you that some people’s straps meet a similar fate.


    Related
  
The best early Black Friday deals you can get right now

A popular and crafty modification that you can make to your headset is to attach HTC’s Deluxe Audio strap (originally made for the Vive) with a set of third-party adapters to make it fit perfectly with your Oculus headset. Once it’s all set up, you should have a much more comfortable headset, and the strap’s built-in headphones are a serious upgrade over the Quest 2’s built-in speakers. I’m thinking about trying this myself.
The reason why I’m writing about this now, of course, is because these accessories are cheaper for Black Friday. HTC’s Deluxe Audio strap usually costs $100, but it’s down to $69 at Amazon (this might seem like a lot, but remember, it’s both a sturdy strap and headphones in one). Pair it with this necessary $22 adapter kit, and you’ll have made a long-lasting solution for your Quest 2. 










How the Deluxe Audio strap looks connected to the headset it was designed for. 









        Sign up for the
        
          newsletter
        
      
      Verge Deals
    
Subscribe to get the best Verge-approved tech deals of the week.






Just one more thing!
Please confirm your subscription to Verge Deals via the verification email we just sent you.




Email (required)






        By signing up, you agree to our Privacy Notice and European users agree to the data transfer policy.
        
      
Subscribe






My colleague Tom once introduced you to a modern toaster with two seemingly ingenious buttons: one to briefly lift your bread to check its progress, and another to toast it “a bit more.” I respectfully submit you shouldn’t need a button at all. 
That’s because in 1948, Sunbeam engineer Ludvik J. Koci invented the perfect toaster, one where the simple act of placing a slice into one of its two slots would result in a delicious piece of toasted bread. No button, no lever, no other input required. Drop bread, get toast. 
Some of you are no doubt already connoisseurs who know what I’m referring to: the Sunbeam Radiant Control Toaster, sold from 1949 all the way through the late ‘80s. (It goes by many names, including the T-20A, T-20-B, T20-C, T-35, VT-40, AT-W and even the 20-30-AG.) In 2019, the YouTube channel Technology Connections famously explained precisely why the antique Sunbeam Radiant is better than yours, and it might be the smartest thing you watch today. 

But if you don’t have the time just now, I’ll summarize: When you stick a piece of bread into this toaster, it pushes down a series of cleverly designed levers that have just enough tension to lower and raise two slices all by themselves — and it’s got a mechanical thermostat inside that stops your bread toasting when it’s toasted and ready, NOT after some arbitrary amount of time.
With the Sunbeam, the heat radiating from the bread itself warms up a bimetal strip (one of the simplest kinds of thermostats) which, being made of two different kinds of metal that expand at different rates, ends up bending backwards to sever the connection and stop the flow of electricity when the toast is done. And here’s the most ingenious part: when the heating wire shrinks as it cools down, that is what triggers the mechanical chain reaction that lifts your bread back up. Here’s how Sunbeam describes it in the toaster’s official service manual:
Raising or lowering of the bread is obtained by making use of the energy of expansion and contraction of the Center Element wire. Of course, this movement is very small and is measured in thousandths of an inch, but more than adequate carriage movement is obtained by a simple linkage which multiplies this movement approximately 175 times.
And that mechanism doesn’t just wear out after nearly three-quarters of a century of use: there’s a single screw underneath the crumb tray to adjust the tension of the wire, and it alone is enough to bring many aging toasters back to life. 
So yeah: drop bread, get toast. And like Technology Connections points out, you get toast regardless of whether your bread is room temperature, refrigerated, or frozen when you stick it into the device. 
That also makes it remarkably hard to accidentally burn your bread by toasting it too long! Remember the “A bit more” button on Tom’s toaster? The Sunbeam Radiant Control Toaster does that merely by dropping a toasted piece of bread back in the slot — it warms the bread right back to the temperature at which it browns, which browns the bread slightly more, before it trips the thermostat once again and shuts itself off. 










My Sunbeam T-35.
Photo by Sean Hollister / The Verge


By now, you might have guessed I wasn’t satisfied watching a YouTube video — I bought my own off eBay. And then I bought a second and a third, because it turns out a Space Age artifact that produces delicious food is just the kind of wonderful conversation piece that makes for a wonderful gift, too. (Before giving them, I opened them up and replaced their aging power cords with modern grounded three-prong ones, as many of these predate even polarized plugs and are not remotely safe by modern electrocution prevention standards.)
There are good arguments that the Sunbeam Radiant Control Toaster still isn’t perfect. For one thing, there’s no ding to remind you when the toast is done — though these 1275- and 1375-watt toasters are powerful enough you might as well stick around for the minute or two it takes. (Let your tea steep, grab your butter and preserves.)
Slot size is a limitation
You’re also not going to toast bagels in these easily, since the thermostat’s aimed at the center of your piece of bread. Frozen waffles come out fantastic, but I have to carefully split English muffins perfectly in half so they don’t catch on the guide wires. And while slices of square sandwich bread crisp up beautifully, including the thin-cut Taiwan toast from my local bakery, thick or oblong breads don’t necessarily fit. (A wide slice of Oroweat Buttermilk or Nature’s Own Brioche Style might require a quick flip-and-retoast to crisp all the way across.) 
But when it works, which is most of the time, the result is the kind of crisp-on-the-outside, fluffy-and-moist-on-the-inside piece of toast my mom tells me she hasn’t had since she left her own mother’s kitchen.










Only the original T-20 variants have this art deco design.
Photo by Sean Hollister / The Verge


I admit I’ve never tried a Balmuda, the $300 toaster oven where you add a splash of water so it “locks in the bread’s inner moisture before the surface is given a golden brown finish.” But I have to wonder if quickly crisping the outside with a dedicated vertical toaster, instead of baking it a second time in a miniature oven, might be a more elegant solution? I do own a Panasonic FlashXpress, which often takes home best toaster oven awards, and its perfectly browned slices definitely don’t have the same taste the Sunbeam can provide.










I found the T-20B slightly easier to work on than the T-35 or a later Vista model. The Vista had a couple riveted panels that were easy to unscrew here.
Photo by Sean Hollister / The Verge


If you find yourself in the market for a Sunbeam Radiant yourself, you should know they’re not all quite the same — you can read about the differences here and here — and you may have to pay quite a bit. They go for an average of $130 on eBay, with fully restored models fetching two to four times that at auction. (Tim’s Toasters also promises to restore your existing Sunbeam for $250, though I can’t vouch for their work myself.) 
Is that actually a lot? The Sunbeam T-20 reportedly retailed for over $22.50 brand new back in 1949. That’s $260 in today’s money, which may be why no other company has seemingly bothered to replicate its fully automatic charms.
This Thanksgiving, I thought I’d raise a toast to the ultimate toaster. We may never see its like again. 


1952 Sunbeam toaster advertisement. from
      vintageads




Looking for a new TV gadget to stream all of your favorite entertainment? Buying an excellent streaming device is easier now than ever before — and the prices only continue to drop and get more appealing: $50 is the sweet spot if you want a streaming stick or set-top box that can do crisp 4K resolution, Dolby Vision / HDR, and immersive Dolby Atmos surround sound.
Each of the picks below has its own strengths, whether it’s a snazzier interface, better voice controls, or a more comprehensive universal search for digging through all of your services. Depending on your wants, there are several good contenders, but the Chromecast with Google TV stands out as the best streaming device for most people.
Pretty much any 4K TV you buy today will come with a batch of built-in streaming apps. But they won’t always have everything. So a dedicated streaming device is the best way to guarantee you’ll be able to watch that show or movie everyone’s been talking about. You can spend less money on entry-level Roku or Amazon streaming players, but you’ll be better off with one of our recommendations if you want your purchase to last. 

















Chromecast with Google TV




                $40
              

                $50
              

                  21% off
                





The Chromecast with Google TV has a refreshed user interface that combines content recommendations from all of your favorite streaming services. It also supports Dolby Vision and Dolby Atmos.







              $40
              

at Google Store
            





              $40
              

at Best Buy
            





              $39
              

at Walmart
            





BEST STREAMING DEVICES OF 2021

 









The features and fantastic price of the Chromecast with Google TV make it the best streaming stick for most people.
Photo by Chris Welch / The Verge



1. Chromecast with Google TV

The best streaming stick for most people
Google has done the best job figuring out what the home screen on a streaming stick should look like. That’s really the long and short of why the Chromecast with Google TV has taken the crown of best streaming player. With its new Google TV software, the company has taken a content-first approach that feels more focused and refined than what Amazon and Apple have managed in their own attempts to aggregate popular shows and movies. 
On a Roku or Fire TV, my instinct is always to head right for the app where I want to watch something. But with the Chromecast, I’m equally happy browsing through Google’s rows of recommendations. The Google TV software always clearly shows where content is coming from — you can pick which streaming apps get factored into these recs — and it also provides helpful information (like Rotten Tomatoes ratings) at the surface level when you’re hunting for that night’s entertainment. 
When you actually hit play, you’re punted over to Netflix or Prime Video or HBO Max just like always, but there’s no avoiding that. In terms of app selection, Google’s got all of the main players covered. You can still cast content to the Chromecast from your phone or laptop, and Google Assistant voice searches consistently work well and showcase Google’s accurate voice recognition. 
Google has done the best job figuring out what the software on a streaming device should look like
Everything about Google TV feels tasteful, from the fonts to the way the background color subtly shifts to match the artwork of whatever content is highlighted. And the universal Watchlist, which lets you put together a list of stuff you’re interested in from various streaming services, is super convenient — especially since you can add to it from the web or your phone. 
But not everything about the Chromecast with Google TV is perfect. The software can feel slow and gets bogged down more often than I’d like, and some customers have encountered significant bugs that Google has tried to iron out with software updates. More annoyingly, despite the hardware supporting both Dolby Vision and Dolby Atmos, there are still very popular apps like Disney Plus — which delivers both on other platforms — that aren’t doing so on the Chromecast. HBO Max says it does Atmos, but that hasn’t been my experience. Why? Who knows, but these inconsistencies are a mark against Google. And as for the Watchlist, some services like Netflix have already started removing their shows from it. Again, that’s something Google has no control over, but it does lessen the feature’s usefulness. 

 









Roku’s Streaming Stick 4K improves on the Streaming Stick Plus by adding Dolby Vision.
Photo by Chris Welch / The Verge



2. Roku Streaming Stick 4K

The best streaming device for people who want to keep it simple 
It’s hard to really complain about a Roku. The company’s streaming devices are about as simple and straightforward as they come. All of your apps are laid out in a big grid and easily accessible. Roku has tried to touch up and modernize the home screen a bit with new sections like “Featured Free” to highlight content you can stream without any subscriptions, and in recent years the company has also added support for Apple’s AirPlay 2 and, if you have a smart speaker, compatibility with Amazon Alexa and Google Assistant.

















Roku Streaming Stick 4K




                $29
              

                $49
              

                  41% off
                





Roku’s Streaming Stick 4K maintains its simple interface that puts your apps front and center and adds support for Dolby Vision HDR. 







              $29
              

at Amazon
            





              $29
              

at Best Buy
            





Roku has pretty much all of the entertainment you could want, but has a history of getting into spats with streaming services. For example, it’s possible that YouTube will be dropped from the platform in early December as Google and Roku remain unable to reach a new deal. 
Roku’s neutral universal search remains one of the best aspects of the platform, ranking your existing subscriptions and free-to-stream options over purchases and rentals. And the company’s Roku Channel has grown into a legitimate streaming app of its own, offering a mix of ad-sponsored movies, TV shows, and live news for those days when you’re burned out on combing through Netflix or Amazon Prime Video. 
The Streaming Stick 4K, introduced in 2021, is now the best overall pick among Roku’s hardware when you weigh price and performance. It takes everything that was great about the popular Streaming Stick Plus and beefs up performance a bit, adds support for Dolby Vision HDR, and comes with the latest Roku voice remote.
If there’s one area where Roku falls flat, it’s probably voice search. Your voice queries for specific shows or movies should work well enough, but Roku lags Amazon and Google when it comes to natural language interactions. (And forget about using your voice to control smart home gadgets or look up entertainment-related facts.) 
 









The Apple TV 4K offers the most consistent, reliable performance of any streaming device.
Photo by Chris Welch / The Verge



3. Apple TV 4K (second-generation)

The best streaming device overall experience (for a steep price)
It’s fair to look at the Apple TV 4K as overpriced compared to its competitors, but Apple’s set-top box still has its own set of appealing qualities. The interface is fantastic. It supports Dolby Vision and Atmos across a wide variety of services, has all of the important apps checked off, and also gives you add-ons like Apple Arcade and Apple Fitness Plus (if you pay for them) that you won’t find on other streaming devices. 
Apps sometimes have a higher level of polish on Apple TV and are generally better about taking advantage of everything the box can do. Another benefit of the Apple TV is privacy — to some extent. Apple itself isn’t obsessed with tracking your viewing data in the same way that a company like Roku is, but the streaming apps can still see what you’re doing. I generally think consumers aren’t particularly averse to sharing their streaming habits, but Apple’s privacy practices might matter to you.

















Apple TV 4K (2021)




                $179
              





The second-generation Apple TV 4K comes with a redesigned Siri Remote, an upgraded processor, and the same excellent streaming performance as its predecessor.







              $179
              

at Apple
            





              $180
              

at Best Buy
            





Even with AirPlay now on Roku, the Apple TV still wins out for people deeply invested in Apple’s ecosystem. You can use HomePods as its speakers or connect two sets of AirPods for private listening with audio sharing. You can view the feed from HomeKit security cameras or see who is at the door if you have a HomeKit video doorbell. The Apple TV still makes it easy to tap into content on a Mac in your home, and services like Apple Music and iCloud Photo Library are right there in easy reach on the TV screen. 
And with the 2021 model of the Apple TV 4K, Apple has finally redesigned the Siri Remote with a much simpler, more intuitive button layout that adds power and mute controls. It’s larger and harder to lose in the couch cushions, too. The second-gen Apple TV 4K is also now more future-proofed as a smart home hub with the inclusion of Thread support.

 









The Fire TV Stick 4K Max is among the first streaming gadgets to support Wi-Fi 6.
Photo by Chris Welch / The Verge



4. Amazon Fire TV Stick 4K Max

The best streaming stick if you’re in Amazon’s ecosystem
Amazon’s Fire TV Stick 4K Max is yet another excellent pick in that $50-ish range of streaming gadgets. The upgraded hardware offers speedier navigation, adds support for Wi-Fi 6, and maintains the vast selection of entertainment as Amazon’s other streamers. 

















Amazon Fire TV Stick 4K Max




                $35
              

                $55
              

                  37% off
                





Amazon’s latest and greatest streaming stick has improved performance and now supports Wi-Fi 6. It continues to offer a terrific selection of streaming apps and an easy-to-use interface with the benefit of Alexa voice commands.







              $35
              

at Amazon
            





              $35
              

at Best Buy
            





The Fire TV Stick 4K Max’s software is similar to the Chromecast in that the home screen takes a content-forward approach instead of just throwing a grid of apps at you. Amazon still tends to showcase (and advertise) its own Prime Video content more prominently than shows and movies from other services, which can get annoying at times. But Alexa voice commands with the remote also work reliably, whether you’re saying “open Netflix” or asking to dim the smart lights in your living room. 

















Amazon Fire TV Cube (2019)




                $80
              

                $120
              

                  34% off
                





As a hybrid smart speaker and streaming device, the Fire TV Cube offers a ton of functionality and convenience for the price.







              $80
              

at Amazon
            





              $120
              

at Best Buy
            





              $83
              

at B&H Photo
            





There’s also the $120 Fire TV Cube to consider. It’s essentially a hybrid streaming device and smart speaker. Rather than make you press and hold a button to speak to Alexa like with the Stick 4K, the Cube takes a hands-free approach and has beamforming mics that respond to “Alexa” prompts just like an Echo speaker would. It also features something Amazon calls Local Voice Control, which allows it to understand more spoken commands without needing help from the cloud. The Fire TV Cube has a more powerful processor than the Fire TV Stick 4K, making it the fastest of the Fire TV bunch, but the difference isn’t very noticeable. 
When it comes to their streaming capabilities, the Fire TV Stick 4K and Fire TV Cube are on equal footing. And you could always put the money you save by going with the Stick toward one of those new sphere-shaped Echo Dots, which will sound far better than the Cube’s tinny built-in speaker. 

 









Nvidia’s Shield TV is a powerful Android TV streaming box that’s popular with home theater enthusiasts.
Photo by Chris Welch / The Verge



5. Nvidia Shield TV

Best streaming device for home theater enthusiasts and gamers
Home theater enthusiasts, gamers, and people who like to tinker with their streaming devices have loyally stuck with Nvidia’s Shield TV and Shield TV Pro for a reason. They can serve as excellent players like any of our other picks, but you can also go more advanced and use them for cloud gaming or set up a Plex media library (in the case of the Pro). GeForce Now and Steam Link probably do more to sell gamers on the Shield lineup versus something like Apple Arcade on the Apple TV. 

















Nvidia Shield TV




                $130
              

                $150
              

                  14% off
                





Nvidia’s tube-shaped streaming device is one of the best ways to experience Android TV. It has fast performance, impressive 4K upscaling, and its GeForce Now support makes it a good option for gaming.







              $130
              

at Best Buy
            





              $129
              

at Amazon
            





              $129
              

at B&H Photo
            





The Nvidia Shields currently run Android TV with Google Assistant built in, but it’s expected they’ll eventually get the same Google TV experience that’s on the Chromecast. Nvidia’s AI-powered upscaling can eke out some extra detail from the shows and movies you stream, and I’d rate the included remote control (with backlit buttons, even) as the most ergonomic of them all. 
But like with the Apple TV, the main hurdle here is the price. The Nvidia Shield TV costs $150, so you’re looking at spending $100 more than devices that offer most of the same functionality. You get Ethernet and a very powerful streaming device for the added premium, and you can push the Shield TV farther and make it do more than just about any of its competitors. 

The original Evercade was an extremely niche device. It posited a future where dedicated video game handhelds not only thrived, but even still used cartridges. In a world where there are so many ways to play retro games — subscription services, compilations, emulation — it offered something very different. It didn’t make sense for everyone, but it did its job very well. Now the family has grown with the Evercade VS. If the original was a modern take on the Game Boy, this is its NES counterpart. It’s still niche and aimed at a very specific audience — and still does its job very well.
At its most basic, the Evercade VS is a home console version of the original device. It’s a white plastic box that supports up to four controllers, includes two cartridge slots, and has ports on the back for HDMI and USB power (while the USB cable is included, you’ll have to provide your own adapter). It looks a bit like a taller PSOne with a really satisfying cartridge flap on the front. It’s not a high-end machine like you’d find from the likes of Analogue, but it’s a step up from most modern retro consoles. The controllers, meanwhile, are similar to the Evercade handheld, with a rectangular layout featuring a D-pad, four face buttons, and start / select / home buttons, along with some additional shoulder triggers bringing the total to four. Overall it’s a nice tidy package that doesn’t look out of place in an entertainment unit alongside an Xbox or PlayStation.


    Related
  
Evercade is a slick gaming handheld that shows why cartridges are still cool


In order to actually play games, Evercade VS uses the same proprietary cartridges as the handheld. Essentially, Evercade has partnered with notable publishers like Data East, Atari, and Technōs to offer physical collections of classic games. The Data East arcade collection, for instance, includes 10 titles, from well-known games like Burger Time to more obscure fare like the fantasy beat ‘em up Wizard Fire. For the most part they’re nicely curated collections; I personally love discovering great old games I’ve never played before, like the extremely ‘90s shooter Alligator Hunt about skate punks fighting an alien invasion. The cartridges work across both the handheld and the new console — with the exception of two Namco collections, which only work on the original Evercade due to licensing issues — and support save states so you can move back and forth between devices if you own both. (You can see a full list of the available cartridge collections right here.)










The Evercade VS improves the overall experience in a few ways. To start, it’s just nice to see a lot of these games, with their big expressive sprites, blown up on a larger screen (the console supports up to 1080p output). The original Evercade had a crisp display, but you do lose some of the detail on a small screen. For the most part, these games were meant to be displayed on a television or arcade cabinet, and they look much better with room to breathe. The Evercade VS also offers a few display options, so you can leave it in the original format, stretch the image to fit your TV, or — my personal favorite — use the “pixel perfect” mode that makes things look, well, pixel perfect. You can also add scanlines to replicate playing on an older display. The Evercade VS adds a handful of nice tweaks as well, most notably a much-improved UI that makes it easier to not only sort through games, but also your saves. It has much more personality than the original Evercade’s barebones interface.
The most important thing the VS adds, though, is proper multiplayer. So many of these games were meant to be played with other people, and to coincide with the launch of the console Evercade also released a few new collections focused exclusively on arcade games. I’ve had a lot of fun smashing my way through older Double Dragon games with friends, particularly since I no longer have to worry about keeping any quarters on hand. It’s nice to have these games available on the go, but the multiplayer aspect makes it feel more communal and authentic. 
Whether or not that experience of crowding around a TV to beat up some bad dudes is worth the price of entry is the Evercade’s key question. It won’t be for everyone. The Evercade VS starts at $99.99, which gets you one controller and one game collection; a more premium offer includes two controllers and two cartridges for $30 more. (Standalone cartridges are $20, and typically include upwards of 10 games depending on the publisher or platform.) There are certainly cheaper ways to play Pong or whatever Minky Monkey is. But that money is paying for more than just the accurate emulation. The console is also replicating an experience — one where the tactile nature of the cartridges is as important as the games they hold.

As Thanksgiving approaches, many people will have the opportunity to relax, unwind, and log the kind of gaming hours only possible during an extended holiday weekend. Halo Infinite’s multiplayer will likely be a highly popular choice, almost guaranteeing servers will be crammed with players the way Los Angeles’ 405 freeway is crammed with travelers every Thanksgiving season. So, in the event you just can’t connect to a game of capture the flag, or if you have no interest in the multiplayer at all, here are the best non-Halo Infinite games we’re playing to make it through the holiday.  — Ash Parrish











Andrew — Final Fantasy VII: The First Soldier
It turns out the thing that finally pulled me away from Fortnite was a game that’s a lot like it, only set in the world of Final Fantasy VII. The First Soldier is the most unexpected of prequels. It’s set a few decades before the events of FF7, exploring the SOLDIER program that’s so integral to the storyline. But instead of a single-player adventure like you might expect, it’s a battle royale crossed with an RPG. Think of it like Fortnite without the building, set in Midgar, and with magic spells to wield and monsters to battle. You get the same last player standing thrilled, but with deeper character progression and familiar locations to battle it out in. The gunplay is a little floaty, and the map could use some more points of interest, but there’s something really fun about perching on top of Seventh Heaven with a sniper rifle. Just be sure to avoid those Tonberries.










Sean — Genshin Impact
Almost every evening, my five- and two-year-old daughters ask me for “Adventure Game” — by which they mean firing up Genshin Impact so they can watch an array of sword and magic-wielding waifus explore a radiant Breath of the Wild-style landscape. I’m going to admit I initially sat on this game, turned off by the pay-to-avoid-grinding mechanics and the idea it was a Zelda clone. But so far, it’s surprisingly deep. The initial European castle / church vibe, with fights against goblins and automatons, soon gives way to an idyllic ancient Chinese landscape, including a gorgeous harbor town filled with agents of intrigue. (Apparently, many spots are inspired by real-world Chinese locations.) My daughters only get to watch a little bit before bedtime, though, so that’s as far as we’ve gone. This holiday, I’m going to try to get us to Genshin Impact’s growing Inazuma region so we can visit Japan as well. BTW, it’s a great showcase game for new hardware: it runs amazingly on PS5 and surprisingly well on the latest iPhones. 










Makena — Stardew Valley
Over the next few weeks, I’ll be spending hours on a train, in a car, and in the air trying to visit me and my partner’s families before the holiday season is over. I’ve never been a big gamer when traveling — it’s hard to focus on a game when I’m constantly worried about losing my tickets or missing my boarding time. But Stardew’s simple gameplay lets me drop in and out of fishing or tending to my cows in between the stressful moments in the airport or train station. My partner and I share a farm in the game, and we’re able to chat about our plans for the upcoming season or designate chores. The game’s collaborative nature gives me an opportunity to connect with my partner while traveling rather than stuffing my nose in a book while he sleeps. It’s a pleasant and less stressful way to pass time!










Adi — Death’s Door
I can’t personally vouch for Death’s Door yet because I’ve been waiting to play it on Nintendo Switch, and it finally came out on Tuesday: a land of pure, untapped potentiality. It’s an action-exploration game about a crow who collects people’s souls, which sounds cool? I hear it’s a little like Hollow Knight, a game I’d played for about 70 hours last I checked? I’ve been reading great things about it on PC for months? Either way, I’ve got my Polygon beginner’s guide up and the start screen ready.










Alice — Forza Horizon 5, Age of Empires 4
Few open-world games have dug their claws into me quite like the latest installment of Forza Horizon. Most open-world titles cause my eyes to glaze over once I see how big the map actually is, filled with tons of tiny markers that I’ll never pick up and activities I’ll never complete. However, cruising around Mexico in everything from modern supercars to an antique Volkswagen is strangely meditative, even with the throttle pinned at 180MPH. I know the map is absolutely littered with stuff to do, but Forza doesn’t have the same FOMO as its contemporaries. There is a level of appreciation for the extensive library of cars that I will never truly understand, but there will always be a strange, primeval part of me that loves something that goes VROOM, even as someone who has never owned a car.
And for something entirely different, I’ll likely also be spending a decent amount of hours with Age of Empires 4. I managed to bulldoze my way through the single-player campaigns (on easy), but I’ve been working through the various masteries of the different civs (Franks FTW) and working up the nerve to fight the intermediate AI. I know I’m not the only one with a special place in my heart for the Age of Empires franchise, but it’s been too long since we’ve had an honest real-time strategy to celebrate. Indeed, I fully intend to spend some quality time with AOE4.    










Cameron — Inscryption, RE4 VR, Shin Megami Tensei V
Ash asked us to not say Halo Infinite, which is good because that’s what I was going to say (my friends and I play it, and it’s just good fun; sorry, Ash). Currently, I’m hopping between Inscryption, the VR port of Resident Evil 4 for Quest 2, and Shin Megami Tensei V. To be perfectly honest, I was content with the idea of skipping Inscryption, but the industry’s collective praise of it was coercive (and loud) enough to push me to buy it. I’m not much of a card game person, but there’s definitely enough intrigue and unique elements at play to keep me going. So, here I am, encouraging you to give it a try, too, if you have a PC.
Atlus’ Shin Megami Tensei V for the Switch was another game I was able to resist at first. I was reluctant to jump in willingly because earlier in 2021, I finally played through Persona 5 to the end. That was fun but also kind of exhausting. While SMT V is a very different beast, I knew the battles would feel similar, to the point that I had to stop and think if I really wanted to embark on what’s likely to be an 80+ hour experience. Anyway, I bought it, so I’ll let you know how it is in a year when I finish it.
RE4 for the Quest 2 is incredible. Armature Studio, the team that developed the VR port, touched the right amount of things to make the game feel fresh, yet in most ways, just as I remembered playing it on Gamecube. I’m trying to force myself to take my time. It’s too special to gobble up like a Turkey Day meal.










Gloria — Animal Crossing: New Horizons 2.0 Update, Just Dance 2022
I’ll confess: it’s been months since I last hung out with my villagers on my Animal Crossing island, and even then, I was playing in “time travel” mode to check out the special events I’d missed (like Mario Day). Knowing how extensive the November 2021 update is, I’ve been avoiding my Switch until I have time to go all in. With Black Friday and Buying Guides now out of the way, I can’t wait to escape to my virtual island.
I’m looking forward to sipping a latte at Brewster’s, getting Kapp’n to serenade me on the way to exotic islands, buying a sick gaming setup for my house, and even growing veggies and learning to cook in the game. So far, I’ve only managed to buy one pack of the Animal Crossing Series 5 Amiibo cards, so I’ll try to bring those new villagers to my island (even though I don’t like my cards). I hope I can get into ACNH 2.0 without needing to weed too much first. I can’t even wrap my mind around the Happy Home Paradise expansion pack yet — maybe remind me in December.
The other game I’m excited to try is Just Dance 2022 for the Xbox Kinect (yes, I bought a used Kinect just for this series). I’ll need to work off my Thanksgiving dinner somehow!










Nintendo


Antonio — Metroid Dread, Dark Souls Remastered
I have barely touched Metroid Dread and my SWOLED since I got them, so I’m hoping if I have any time during the holiday to play games not named Halo Infinite — when I’m not with family or working on our Black Friday deals coverage — I’ll finally make some solid progress. I loved Metroid Dread from the first moment, though I had a false start early on when I got lost and thought I might have missed something important. A fresh restart from the beginning has solved that, so now I just need to play frequently enough that I don’t forget everything again. Games really could use a “you haven’t played in two weeks, here’s what you were up to” type of recap. 
I also just got Dark Souls Remastered on PC as a birthday gift, so I guess I’m looking forward to feeling some pain during the holiday that isn’t related to food comas and overeating. 










Mitchell — Kentucky Route Zero
I’ve slowly been working my way through a Kentucky Route Zero replay (which I plan on finishing during a few flights), and its episodic nature feels perfect for those holiday nights where you’re looking to wind down after everyone’s turned in for the night. KRZ is almost all vibes with little gameplay, but I’ve loved re-experiencing the twists and turns of its Americana-fueled story, which is as weird and mythic as it is deeply sad. It may not be the game to play right before a cheerful Thanksgiving dinner, but if you’re looking for something to turn over and over in your mind (or just don’t want to wait until Stray comes out next year to play as a cat) over the holidays, Kentucky Route Zero is well worth your time.










Ash — Exo One, Ace Attorney Chronicles 2
I am both in love with and terrified by space. Exo One marries the wonder of a simple exploration game with the sheer, unfathomable terror of space, and it’s therefore extremely my shit. You pilot a weird, orb-like spacecraft through empty but painfully beautiful alien worlds, picking up power-ups that make it roll faster and glide longer as you learn the story of a doomed expedition to Jupiter. Visually, Exo One is stunning. I am in awe of my surroundings as I bounce off sand dunes and skip over rolling waves, trying to hit the right piece of land in just the right way that’ll make my craft zoom into the cloud-strewn atmosphere. It’s wonderful. Exo One feels like the best bits of Interstellar and Sunshine — pure space exploration without all the messy human stuff.
During my holiday break, I’m taking care of a family member recovering from major surgery. Ace Attorney Chronicles 2 is my goodnight game. Since I’m away from home, I’ve had trouble sleeping, especially after a long day of keeping track of medicine, appointments, and meal plans. To unwind, I’ve been slowly making my way through Ace Attorney Chronicles 2 letting my mind drift off (making my thumb accidentally hit the “skip dialogue” button) as I work to defend the innocent and solve murders most foul. I adore the new characters and the slow, methodical untangling of plot points introduced an entire game previous. Even if some of the puzzles require fantastical stretches of logic, Ace Attorney Chronicles 2 is the perfect nighttime calming agent to a stressed-out brain. 

Barbara — Doctor Who: The Lonely Assassins
I haven’t been much of a gamer lately — except for a few ongoing Scrabble games that I’ve been playing with friends for about three years now. However, I just got myself a brand new Pixel 6, and so I’m going to be investigating a bunch of Android games on that slightly-too-big screen. While several of the games mentioned here are on my list — including Genshin Impact and Stardew Valley — I’m going to start with Doctor Who: The Lonely Assassins. What can I say? I’ve been a Doctor Who fan for many years, and an adventure game that allows me to interact and solve puzzles with a Timelord is the perfect way for me to get back into gameplay.










Image: Respawn Entertainment


Richard — Apex Legends, Forza Horizon 5
Sure, I might turn the clock back and get into some Big Team Battle this weekend. But mostly, I’ll stick to the game that the Xbox Museum says is my most played for 2019, 2020, and 2021, with a strong chance of repeating for 2022. The new map in Apex Legends did its job for me by changing the gameplay just enough to keep things fresh without breaking what it does well. Opening up large spaces for action but separating most of them with high walls has lowered (but not eliminated) the endless chain of third parties that you get on the game’s other maps — as long as you know how to navigate the area without jumping into the abyss. 
When I need to switch things up, I’m plugging in my wheel and taking on Forza Horizon 5. No, they haven’t addressed the Horizon series “flaw” of having way too many options for what you can do next... or the rubberband AI. Simply existing as the first Forza game with good lighting is what I’ve been waiting for in this series.










Victoria — Pokémon Snap, Pokémon Shining Pearl
In real life, my camera roll is just thousands of photos of my cat and dog — so Pokémon Snap makes perfect sense. It’s so soothing. There’s no battles. It’s just dozens of cute pokémon going about their business in scenic locales, and it’s my job to be their paparazzo. An Alolan Raichu surfing the sand dunes? Yes, please. A derpy Mantine leaping out of the sea? Hell yeah. Plenty of Bidoof butts to go around.
When I need a break from Professor Mirror’s arbitrary photo grading — the man has no appreciation for the rule of thirds — I’m living my best life running around the Sinnoh region with my Piplup. I’m not big into the endless gym battle grind, so the contests (aka pokémon beauty pageants) are a nice change of pace. You really can’t find a better distraction from family drama than hundreds of cute pokémon.

Few gadgets are more hated than the alarm clock, a device whose primary purpose is to rudely rip you from the pleasant world of sleep into the cold, harsh, unforgiving reality that we live in every day — and whose level of functionality is directly proportional to how goddamn annoying the beeping sound it can make is. 
But within virtually all alarm clocks is also a crucial reprieve: the snooze button, a temporary salve for the alarm’s cruel clarion call, a stay of execution for the day you will inevitably have to face. It is the phrase “just a few more minutes” rendered in plastic. 
The alarm clock here is a Sharp SPC028B, bought from a Walmart somewhere in Pennsylvania ahead of my time as a sleepaway camp counselor over a decade ago. It has sustained years of use throughout high school, college, and beyond, the lambent red glow of its numbers scarcely dimmed by time or age. It is brutish and ugly, made of plastic that used to be white before the passage of time and repeated blunt force have dulled it to a uniquely hideous shade of gray. 










In those years, the snooze button has been punched and pummeled countless mornings, each percussive click granting a few more minutes of silence — just enough time to drift back off to sleep before the cycle starts anew. 
It’s no coincidence that snooze buttons are almost always the largest button on an alarm clock. It is not a button for subtlety: it is a button to be blindly fumbled for in the half-lit twilight of a morning come too early, to be smashed with the groggy awareness of someone who stayed up too late binging Netflix the night before. And while I have attempted to destroy my cheap alarm clock on dozens of mornings for committing the cardinal sin of waking me up, the durable plastic of the snooze button has bounced back for another bout each day. 
The snooze button’s prominence also makes actually turning off an alarm entirely more deliberate. Mashing snooze is the easiest physical user interaction you can have with an alarm clock, while actually disabling the alarm typically requires switching it off through a far smaller button in a less convenient spot. Because sleeping in for another 10 minutes is fine, but the snooze button wants to protect us from our own worst impulses to kill the alarm entirely and sleep in all day. 










It’s a paradigm that still exists even as our alarms have gone digital and become more fragile. When the iPhone’s alarm goes off, the lockscreen’s biggest digital button is a giant, orange snooze button, while the smaller “stop” button is tucked away below. The physical power button also defaults to snooze when an alarm goes off because snooze buttons need to be at their most functional even when we’re at our least. 
The snooze button is ultimately a lie — a promise that things can get better, even with the looming truth that even with a few more minutes of sleep, morning always comes. The alarm clock is still a clock, after all, and clocks (and time) only ever run forward. 
But sometimes, scant as they might be, the few extra minutes that the snooze button buys can be enough to get your day started on the right — or at least, a better — foot. 
Photography by Chaim Gartenberg / The Verge

Spotify is testing a new TikTok-style video feed in its beta iOS app that shows fullscreen video clips as songs are played, TechCrunch reports. The feature was first spotted by Chris Messina, who posted a video of the feed in action. When available, the video feed is accessible from a new fourth tab in the navigation bar labelled “Discover.” Individual tracks can then be liked as you scroll through the feed, and there’s also a three dot menu icon to bring up options for each song.
Spotify confirmed the test in a statement provided to TechCrunch, but declined to comment on if or when it might see a wider rollout. “At Spotify, we routinely conduct a number of tests in an effort to improve our user experience,” a spokesperson said. “Some of those tests end up paving the way for our broader user experience and others serve only as an important learning. We don’t have any further news to share at this time.”


Not only that, @Spotify Discover is basically a pared down version of a TikTok-style feed of vertical music videos (likely using their canvas format) that you can like or skip.#NewSpotify pic.twitter.com/hpOEZ8v9bl— Messina.eth (@chrismessina) November 24, 2021



The test comes as Netflix has started testing a similar interface in its iOS app to help users discover new content to watch. It’s recent “Kids Clips” feature shows content from its child-friendly shows, and follows the launch of a similar “Fast Laughs” feed earlier this year. As TikTok’s engagement hours soar, even non-social media platforms are becoming interested in using its format to help users engage with their own services.
The Discover feed appears to build upon Spotify’s existing Canvas feature, where artists can have videos play alongside their music on the service. The videos shown as part of the Discover feed appear to be the same as those used for Canvas, TechCrunch notes.
In an interesting sign of how formats are changing, the discovery of Spotify’s new test comes almost a year to the day after the service was experimenting with using a Snapchat-style stories feature alongside several of its playlists. Who knows what will be in fashion by this time next year?



Pinterest has settled a lawsuit brought against it by shareholders who claimed that the company’s workplace discrimination against women and racial minorities hurt its reputation, according to NBC News. The company reportedly agreed to spend $50 million on improving its diversity and equity, and will let former employees talk about racial or gender discrimination they experienced, even if they were bound by a non-disclosure agreement. Other financial details of the settlement weren’t disclosed.
The lawsuit was filed against the company’s executives in November 2020, with shareholder claiming that the company was acting irresponsibly by doing nothing to address “widespread claims of race and gender discrimination.” The complaint also accused the company’s CEO of “surrounding himself with yes-men and marginalizing women who dared to challenge Pinterest’s White, male leadership clique.”
That year, multiple women reported that Pinterest paid them less than male employees, and some reported racial discrimination and retaliation for speaking out. The Verge also reported on discrimination within the company’s finance team. Separately, the company paid out $20 million to its former COO Françoise Brougher after she alleged that the company paid her less than male colleagues, didn’t invite her to important meetings, and fired her after she brought up the issues. 
Brougher’s lawyer noted at the time that settlements can help companies avoid real accountability, even though they may result in larger payouts and charitable donations. (Pinterest and Brougher agreed to jointly donate over $2 million to charities supporting women and minorities in tech.)

Another day, another interesting gadget making the rounds on the internet — this one is a very tall (aspect ratio-wise anyway) portable monitor with an 8.8-inch display running at a resolution of 420 by 1920. It’s called the Elsonic EK-MD088, and while its size, shape, and built-in stand make it intriguing, it also raises the question: what would you even use such a narrow monitor for? And are there better ways to spend your 14,800 yen (around $130 US dollars)?
Gizmodo points out the most obvious use case for such a tall screen: it seems tailor-made for endlessly scrolling through Twitter or Instagram, keeping the gloom of the internet ever-present off to the side of your work. Honestly, that seems like a great way to destroy your brain — when I first saw it, I immediately thought that it’d be good for keeping chat apps like Telegram and iMessage open on the side, so I could keep an eye on what friends and family were up to throughout the day. You could also use it as a dashboard to monitor your IoT devices, or for more whimsical uses — like getting the full longcat experience without scrolling, or seeing the Tall Tweets. 


New twitter crop dropped, it's Dinopost time pic.twitter.com/bbRL6VMhNU— Mitchell (@strawberrywell) May 5, 2021



Above: the type of content this screen was made for.
There are some notable quirks to the Elsonic though. For one, Ars Technica notes that it doesn’t seem like it’ll be easily available outside of Japan (and even there it’s not shipping until February 2022). Even worse, though, is that it uses USB-C for power... but not video. Instead, the monitor has a relatively obscure Mini-HDMI port to handle inputs, which is a pretty big downside for convenience. If you forget your display cable somewhere, you’re probably not going to run into someone who can loan you a full-size HDMI to Mini-HDMI cable. It also doesn’t seem to have a built-in battery, so while the screen and clever built-in stand fold up to a compact size, you’d lose some of those space savings to the battery bank you’d want to bring along with it.










Absolutely heartbreaking.


The Elsonic is also just, and I know this sounds silly, very narrow. While that’s fine for newsfeeds and timelines, it’d be rough for general use — common second-monitor apps like Slack can get pretty wonky at 420 pixels wide, or may even refuse to go that narrow. While the product page does say you can use it horizontally as well, which would fix the app width issue, 420 pixels is barely any vertical height; you’d be able to see maybe three tweets or messages when factoring in the task bar and window chrome.


    Related
  
The best early Black Friday deals you can get right now

Also, one of the marketing images shows someone editing code on it. That seems absolutely unbearable unless you can somehow write your functions in 50 characters or less. Visual Studio Code will let you resize a window small enough to fit on the Elsonic (unlike my code editor of choice, Nova), but at what cost?










This seems... unrealistic.
Image: Elsonic, via Nojima Online












Pictured: what your window would look like if it were actually running at 420 by 960.


While it’s easy to see the appeal of having a vertical screen that you can carry around with you, you almost certainly have better options. For desk use, many regular 16:9 and 16:10 computer monitors have stands that already let you orient them vertically, which will give you even more screen real estate. This LG monitor that’s currently on sale is about $50 more than the Elsonic, but it’s also 24-inches instead of 8.8 and could act as a decent low-cost gaming monitor in landscape with its 144Hz refresh rate. You could also likely get a monitor that could be turned on its side for much cheaper than the EK-MD088’s asking price by shopping locally for used, office-focused Dells.
If bigger isn’t better for your use-case, or you’re looking for a portable solution, you could always pick up a used iPad. Apps like Duet Display let you use the tablet as a second monitor for a Windows or Mac PC through a single cable (or even wirelessly using Duet Air or macOS’ built-in Sidecar utility), and can even support vertical orientation. Pair an iPad Mini with a stand and you’ve got a slightly shorter, but wider version of the Elsonic. And, of course, it’ll also be a tablet when you’re done using it as a screen.











Image: Elsonic via Nojima Online












Look familiar?



While those solutions may be more practical for most use cases, I’ll admit they don’t have the fun factor that the tall boi does, and that there are niche use cases where the Elsonic makes more sense. And hey, maybe I’m totally wrong on this, and we’ll all have dedicated screens for Twitter by this time next year — though that thought is almost too horrific to consider.

Blizzard says that the Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attacks that were overwhelming its servers with coordinated traffic are over, and that you should be able to log into Battle.net again. During the almost hour-long Wednesday evening attack, you may have experienced serious issues trying to get onto the online service underpinning Overwatch, Call of Duty: Warzone, Hearthstone, Diablo’s online features and more. 


The DDOS attacks that we were monitoring have ended. If you are still unable to log in try https://t.co/XSV7UVlWlu— Blizzard CS - The Americas (@BlizzardCS) November 25, 2021



Blizzard stated that the issue was caused by a DDoS on its verified customer service Twitter account, and additionally in a “Breaking News” item you may have seen in the PC Battle.net client if you tried to sign on during the attack.


[#BNet] We are currently experiencing a DDoS attack, which may result in high latency and disconnections for some players. We are actively working to mitigate this issue.— Blizzard CS - The Americas (@BlizzardCS) November 24, 2021













A news message that popped up in Battle.net warning users that there was a DDoS attack occurring.
Screenshot by Richard Lawler / The Verge


Users that did manage to sign in may have been placed into a queue that warned of high traffic, like this:










If you managed to log in, you may have been placed in a queue. 


On DownDetector, outage reports spiked across a number of Activision Blizzard properties, with thousands reporting that Battle.net was down, but only hundreds complaining about individual Blizzard games losing service. We didn’t see the typical number of reports that crop up on Twitter when a game goes down, either, so it seems clear it wasn’t a full outage, and that the “high latency and disconnections” likely didn’t affect the majority of players. The outage reports seem to have more or less returned to normal levels.










Battle.net, Diablo, and Call of Duty’s outage reports spiked, but have now dropped.



It has been less than a year since NBA Top Shot served as an introduction for many sports fans into the world of NFTs, and now the NFL is lining up a similar arrangement. In September, the league announced a partnership with the company that runs Top Shot, Dapper Labs, and now we know the name of the service that will distribute the video highlight clips that make up the “Moments” that become NFTs: NFL All Day.


    Related
  
Can the NBA make NFTs cool?



What’s an NFT?
NFTs allow you to buy and sell ownership of unique digital items and keep track of who owns them using the blockchain. NFT stands for “non-fungible token,” and it can technically contain anything digital, including drawings, animated GIFs, songs, or items in video games. An NFT can either be one-of-a-kind, like a real-life painting, or one copy of many, like trading cards, but the blockchain keeps track of who has ownership of the file.
NFTs have been making headlines lately, some selling for millions of dollars, with high-profile memes like Nyan Cat and the “deal with it” sunglasses being put up for auction. There’s also a lot of discussion about the massive electricity use and environmental impacts of NFTs. If you (understandably) still have questions, you can read through our NFT FAQ.


This effort is separate from the Ticketmaster-powered NFTs that the NFL is tying to selected games this season (like the Lions’ annual Thanksgiving appearance on national TV), but launching the branding now doesn’t feel like a coincidence. There will be many blockchain and NFT discussions amongst family members on Thursday, between these NFL promotions and even the Macy’s parade.
NFL All Day will use the Dapper Labs Flow blockchain just like Top Shot, with the trading and showcasing of Moments happening on the All Day platform.
NFL All Day isn’t ready to launch yet, but the website hosting its waitlist has been updated, promising visitors that they can experience “the future of fandom” via digital video collectibles. From what we can see in a thread posted on Twitter, it appears things will be very similar to NBA Top Shot. You can buy randomized packs of Moments, with each one assigned some level of rarity. They’re also advertising “Melts” that combine more than one play into a Moment. 


    ALL DAY! https://t.co/UJP1Of3DIu— Patrick Mahomes II (@PatrickMahomes) November 24, 2021













Image: NBA Top Shot


The explosive initial popularity of Top Shot suggests the possibility there is an audience for this among the hundreds of millions of NFL fans. Until more features launch, however, it’s unclear exactly what they’ll do with these collectibles once they have them or if the marketplace can maintain popularity as it grows to accommodate more users who all anticipate uncovering rare finds in their packs.


Introducing Special Edition Sets   pic.twitter.com/owhYgMYEK1— NFL ALL DAY (@NFLAllDay) November 24, 2021




As of last Thursday night, ConstitutionDAO found itself in possession of around $49.8 million it wasn’t able to spend. The group’s organizers only had a mandate to spend the crowdfunded money on one thing — a rare copy of the US Constitution that they failed to win at auction — so instead of trying to get community approval to use the money toward some other goal, they instead began the process of returning the funds to backers.
Returning that much money has been a tricky process, though. Backers have to manually request refunds, so even a week later, tens of millions of dollars are still sitting in ConstitutionDAO’s pockets. And because all of the money was collected in Ether, and sending funds over Ethereum incurs high transaction costs, getting money back has become an expensive proposition for contributors.
“People are new to this; it’s difficult to understand.”
The return process has not been as messy as its worst moments have let on — at least not yet. More than half of the funds ConstitutionDAO collected have since been returned, according to figures pulled by Andrew Hong, a data scientist working in the crypto space. Close to $27 million, or about 54 percent of the total raised, has been sent back as of this afternoon. But that also means there’s still close to $23 million sitting around waiting to be returned.
ConstitutionDAO said there’s no time limit on contributors getting their money back. Because the returns need to be requested manually, though, the soon-to-be-dissolved organization could theoretically be sitting on a large and otherwise-unusable refund pile for some time to come if backers don’t know or care to get their money out.
The ConstitutionDAO team has discussed creating educational resources on how to get refunds, says Jonah Erlich, a core contributor to ConstitutionDAO who made a guide on how to donate money. “People are new to this; it’s difficult to understand,” he told The Verge. “It’s not the ideal situation.”
The other issue has been transaction fees. All the contributions were made over Ethereum, and Ethereum requires fees — often steep ones — to transmit currency (along with performing many other tasks). That was already a hurdle when it came to raising funds to buy the Constitution. These fees, known as gas, don’t meaningfully shrink when someone is sending a small amount of Ether, so small-dollar donors often had to pay large sums just to send their contribution in the first place, according to Alex Kroeger, an engineer in the crypto space. To send around $170 worth of Ether to the project, he had to spend around $50 in fees.
The median contribution was $217, most of which could be eaten by fees
More than $1 million was spent on gas fees in total to make contributions to ConstitutionDAO, according to numbers pulled by Kroeger and, separately, by Richard Chen, a general partner at the cryptocurrency investment firm 1confirmation. Erlich also estimated the gas fees for contributions were around $800,000 to $1 million. The Ethereum system ConstitutionDAO relied on “is not optimal for small value use cases at the moment,” Kroeger told The Verge.
Anyone who wants their money back now has to pay gas fees again on the refund, and already more than $200,000 has been spent on that in total, according to Kroeger and Chen. The fees may not be an issue for large donors — if you’re getting $100,000 back, $50 is a small sum to pay — but that’s not the case for most of ConstitutionDAO’s contributors. The median contributor sent $217. If that person were to spend $50 to send the money and another $50 to get it back, they’d have lost nearly half of their money.
And that estimate may be conservative. One contributor tweeted that they paid $70 in gas to send $200, then spent another $70 to get the money back. That means they’re out $140 on what should have been a $200 refund. For anyone who sent less than the current gas price, getting a refund simply won’t be worth it.
That’s part of what’s made this situation so complicated. Many contributors had hoped that ConstitutionDAO would pivot its focus and direct its enormous account balance toward another purpose. Organizers briefly floated launching a new token for those interested in reorganizing around a different goal, then reversed course and ultimately announced plans to shut down. It was a disappointment to many in the group’s Discord channel, where contributors were supposed to be able to influence the group’s decision-making. But the organization never actually achieved its goal of becoming a true DAO — a decentralized autonomous organization, which would have been member-controlled — and organizers made the decision themselves to shutter and focus on refunds.
The outcome shows both the promise and challenges of DAOs and other crypto-oriented groups. ConstitutionDAO was able to raise an impressive sum of money very quickly in the span of a week. But steep fees (to say nothing of the challenges of setting up and buying into the Ethereum ecosystem) made the project hard for small donors to contribute to, and the organization’s decision to dissolve showed that, despite all the promises around decentralization, there’s often still a core group in control at the top. And in the end, it’s those who contributed the least who will most get burned.
Additional reporting by Creighton DeSimone

Updated 5:33PM ET, November 24th: Amazon now has an actual price cut on the 128GB model, dropping from $299.99 to $249.99. Not only can you currently get this price, but entering OCULUS50 at checkout will earn you a $50 Amazon credit.
The Oculus Quest 2 standalone VR headset is a great value at its regular $299.99 price. It comes with 128GB of onboard storage, and once you log in with your Facebook account, there’s little else standing in your way of finding some amazing virtual reality experiences and games. It’s even more of an appealing holiday gift idea right now because you can get one with a $50 gift card tossed in at no extra charge through Black Friday until Saturday, November 27th. Several retailers are honoring this promotion, including Best Buy, Newegg, Costco, Target, and Oculus itself. Walmart is offering a similar deal, though in lieu of a gift card, it’s including the zip-up case as a complementary goodie without changing the $299.99 price.
Amazon gets a special mention for its deal, which includes the 128GB headset for $50 off, along with a $50 Amazon credit. Head to this link and use OCULUS50 at checkout to get in on it.
This gift card promo happening at several retailers extends to the $399.99 headset that doubles the storage to 256GB, which includes a $50 gift card as well. Just note that you’ll earn a gift card to the retailer where you purchased the Oculus Quest 2, unless you buy it from Oculus directly. In that case, you’ll get $50 of credit to use on games purchased digitally through the Oculus Store. If you’re a fan of creepy first-person shooters, I highly suggest Resident Evil 4.

















Oculus Quest 2 (128GB)




                $249
              

                $299
              

                  17% off
                





A standalone virtual reality headset and successor to the Oculus Quest. It features a refined design, higher-resolution displays, and a faster processor than its predecessor. The latest iteration features double the amount of storage for the same $299 price.







              $249
              

at Amazon
            





              $299
              

at Best Buy
            





You’re welcome to use your gift card however you like, but if you’re open to suggestions, I’d use it on either Oculus’ tough, zip-up case for the headset and its controllers, or its Elite Strap that makes the Quest 2 much more comfortable to wear. Each cost $50, so choose wisely (or get both, knowing that you’re spending only half as much as you would have normally to kit out your new headset).


    Related
  
Here are some game recommendations for Quest 2
Resident Evil 4 VR review: it shouldn’t work this well, but it does
Will the Oculus Quest still require a Facebook account? It’s complicated 
Win a mystery bag from The Verge jam-packed with free stuff 



Trees have become a contentious piece of Democrats’ Build Back Better Act, the budget reconciliation bill that encompasses sweeping social and environmental programs. Congressional Republicans have seized on the $3 billion in the proposed nearly $2 trillion bill earmarked for planting trees, with a focus on boosting ‘tree equity’ — despite the fact that this is a strategy that experts say could reduce health disparities in cities. 
While opponents have called the tree equity provisions an indicator of Democrats’ “reckless spending spree” and a “waste [of] even more taxpayer dollars,” in reality, disparities in tree coverage across American cities are a huge problem that affects heat exposure, air quality and more, with serious consequences on people’s health. This inequity actually builds on a legacy of segregating, polluting, and disinvesting in communities of color. Planting trees in the right places could be one step towards healing some of those injustices.
“We’re depriving communities”
“We’re depriving communities that need and depend on those trees to help them live a good quality of life,” says Charity Nyelele, a postdoctoral researcher in the Department of Earth System Science at the University of California, Irvine. 
Neighborhoods where a majority of residents are people of color have, on average, 33 percent less tree canopy cover than majority white neighborhoods, according to data from the Tree Equity Score, an initiative backed by the nonprofit American Forests. Americans of color are more likely to live in ‘urban heat islands,’ places that trap heat because there’s a lot more concrete and asphalt than trees and greenery.
That’s no accident. Urban heat islands also overlap with maps of redlined neighborhoods, places where Black Americans were pushed to move into since the 1930s because of discriminatory housing policies that denied them home loans and insurance. Now, these neighborhoods reach temperatures up to 7 degrees Celsius hotter than nearby non-redlined neighborhoods, according to research published last year.
One solution to cool down urban heat islands is to plant more trees. Trees not only provide shade, they also dial down temperatures when water evaporates from their leaves (a cooling process called evapotranspiration that’s similar to humans sweating). One study in Phoenix found that trees were even more effective at helping neighborhoods chill out during the daytime than other heat mitigation strategies, like painting roofs and streets white to reflect the sun’s radiation. 
A life-saving service
That is a life-saving service. Extreme heat has killed more people than any other weather-related disaster in the US over the past thirty years. The deaths are often concentrated in the most vulnerable communities. In New York City, for example, extreme heat has killed a disproportionately high number of Black residents. Heat waves are only becoming more dangerous because of the climate crisis.
“Most people just think it’s about beautification or aesthetics, just plant trees because they’re pretty and beautiful to look at,” Nyelele says. “But that’s not the case. It’s about the benefits that we can derive.”
There are other benefits to having more trees in neighborhoods. Trees can actually help clean up air pollution, which is another common problem in neighborhoods without a lot of green space. And they can reduce street flooding because their roots and the soil they grow in absorb water, as opposed to impervious surfaces like asphalt. 
Funny enough, Republicans have attacked the Build Back Better Act and its tree provisions even though they’ve actually been a fan of tree planting as a strategy to tackle climate change. Last year, former President Trump even committed the US to joining an initiative to plant a trillion trees around the world. Although that initiative has garnered significant criticism from scientists, healthy forests are important carbon sinks, because trees trap and store planet-heating carbon dioxide. 
“There are also the benefits that you can’t really that you can’t measure,” says Ariane Middel, assistant professor at Arizona State University who focuses on urban climate science. “Just being in nature has benefits, overall for people’s health. And those are really tough to put into numbers.”
As it now stands, the Build Back Better Act includes $3 billion in grants to tribes, state agencies, local governments, and NGOs for tree planting. It prioritizes “projects that increase tree equity,” but details on how the money would be spent are otherwise scarce. There’s another $100 million in the bill for the Forest Service to create new urban forests. 
While it would become the single biggest package of climate policies in US history if it ultimately passes into law, the bill still faces a tough vote in the divided Senate after months of political wrangling



Macy’s department stores might be closed this Thanksgiving, but that doesn’t mean the company has run out of things to sell. The retailer is auctioning off 10 one-of-a-kind NFTs to mark the 95th year of the Macy’s Thanksgiving Day Parade. 
Each NFT references a parade balloon from decades past, going back to a black and white toy soldier from the 1920s. Also featured is an elf character from the 2000s and a spaceman from the 1950s, who lost an arm in the 1955 parade after colliding with a lamppost (the NFT version is fully inflated). Proceeds from the auction benefit the Make-A-Wish Foundation, with current bids generating tens of thousands of dollars. The auction ends on November 30th. 
In addition to the 10 unique NFTs, Macy’s is giving away 9,500 other parade-themed pieces of varying rarity on a first-come, first-served basis on Thanksgiving Day. Ten percent of any future sales of any of the pieces will also go to Make-A-Wish. Macy’s is using Polygon to mint the NFTs, touted as a more eco-friendly solution.

The retailer joins a long list of companies hedging bets on NFTs, from Taco Bell to Pringles. In the FAQ section below Macy’s announcement, the company says it’s releasing NFTs because “we’re always looking to innovate our classic celebrations.” After posting nearly $4 billion in pandemic losses last year on top of already declining sales, it’s perhaps unsurprising the retailer is looking for new ways to show the brand isn’t a thing of the past.

The Federal Reserve, Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (or FDIC), and Office of the Comptroller of the Currency (OCC) have issued a joint statement announcing a plan to clarify the rules and regulations around how banks can use cryptocurrencies over the next year (via Bloomberg). 
The agencies say they’re focusing on setting expectations for what banks can do when it comes to holding crypto, allowing customers to obtain crypto, issuing their own stablecoins (or cryptocurrencies whose value is tied to a fiat currency like the US dollar), and taking crypto as collateral for loans and keeping it on their balance sheets. According to the letter, the goal is to make sure consumers are protected and that banks act responsibly. The regulators also say it’s an attempt to make sure the financial industry isn’t used to launder ill-gotten currency, something the Treasury Department has been focusing on recently.
The OCC has already made moves in this direction — on Tuesday, the acting comptroller released a letter clarifying decisions that the office had made throughout 2020 and early 2021. Now, the letter says, banks will have to ask permission from regional regulators before getting into certain crypto fields. 
Banks now have to show they can safely handle crypto
Previously, the Comptroller said banks were allowed to hold cryptocurrencies for customers as well as assets being used to back stablecoins. Banks were also told they could use stablecoins and act as nodes on blockchain networks. While financial institutions will still be able to carry out these activities, they’ll have to be able to prove to regulators that they can do so safely and responsibly. 
These announcements come as some crypto companies have skirmished with regulators over what legal classifications their products fall under. Recently, Coinbase canceled its Lend program after a public feud with the Securities and Exchange Commission over whether what it was selling counted as securities (and would therefore fall under heavier legal scrutiny). The Treasury has also proposed that large cryptocurrency transfers be reported to the Internal Revenue Service, and has asked Congress to start regulating stablecoins.

Dragon Age 4 has lost its senior creative director. According to a report from Kotaku, Matt Goldman left BioWare after working at the Mass Effect, Anthem, and Knights of the Old Republic developer for four years. In an email shared with Kotaku, BioWare general manager Gary McKay wrote, “We understand that Matt’s departure has an impact on you, as well as the game’s development. Rest assured our commitment to a high-quality Dragon Age game has not wavered, and we will not ship a game that is not up to BioWare’s standards.”
A BioWare spokesperson also commented on Goldman’s departure to The Verge, saying, “He leaves the next Dragon Age game in excellent hands, with the team here at the studio who will carry forward our vision for the game.”
BioWare has not yet announced who will replace Goldman.
This is yet another high-profile departure from the studio and the Dragon Age 4 project, which lost executive producer Mark Darrah in December of last year. BioWare has also struggled overall with the failure of Anthem and the departure of studio general manager and celebrated Mass Effect project director Casey Hudson. Since its announcement during 2018’s Game Awards, there have been tiny, insubstantial updates on Dragon Age 4’s development progress.



One big knock on cryptocurrencies is that they’re a technology in search of a problem. Venture capitalists want to put everything on the blockchain and generate big returns, but why not just use a database instead? To skeptics, everything else in the space looks like noise — a bunch of grifters and try-hards changing their Twitter profile pictures to pixelated punks and apes in an effort to eventually flip those NFTs to a greater fool.
But even as my mentions and direct messages fill up with readers fulminating about crypto — last week, after this piece, a paid subscriber wrote to me telling me he hopes that I die! — good and useful new things keep revealing themselves. Like a video game that pays you to play it. Or a series of free NFTs that are now assembling themselves, based on the wishes of their various owners, into movies and games.
Skepticism is still warranted, as a group of thousands of people found out this week when they attempted to buy the Constitution and found themselves at a structural disadvantage. (They had to convert all their contributions from Ethereum to dollars before the auction began; the winning billionaire simply outbid them after it started.) The fact that ConstitutionDAO participants largely lost their intended refunds to network fees is worth noting, too — promising though it might be, Ethereum is so slow and expensive that I have come to think of it as the world’s worst computer.
But like I said: good and useful new things keep revealing themselves. Today let’s talk about another of them: a startup called Royal that hopes to upend the traditional relationship between music labels and artists, with potentially significant implications for the kind of culture that gets created.
Why everybody hates record labels
If you know anything about the relationship between record labels and artists, you know artists typically get the worse end of the deal. Mega-stars are rare, and so record labels hold on to as much of their earnings as possible to finance all the swings they take and miss. (Also, to maximize their profits.) This is a reliable source of frustration for lots of people, but especially the mega-stars, some of whom become famous in part due to their friction with labels: Prince wrote “slave” on his face to protest his treatment at the hands of Warner Bros.; Taylor Swift is now re-recording all her old albums after her former label sold the material out from underneath her.
Before the year 2000 or so, labels had all the leverage here. They controlled the production and distribution of records and CDs; they had the money and relationships needed for promotion. Occasionally, an alternative artist would strike out on their own and start an independent label. But for the most part, the major record labels controlled the industry.
Then came the internet. At first, it seemed that file-sharing services like Napster might kill off the major record labels altogether. But the labels were saved by the rise of streaming services like Spotify, which helped them make their existing back catalogs more profitable than ever before. That was great news for the record labels, but the fundamental tensions with artists remained. Most artists make almost no money from streaming, while the majors are reporting record profits.


    Related
  
Decoder: Olivia Rodrigo and how the music business makes songwriters fight over credits

The internet knows a vulnerable middleman when it sees one — “your margin is my opportunity” and all that — and few middlemen look more vulnerable, from this perspective, than record labels.
Royal comes for the royalties
Before Justin Blau set out to upend the record industry, he learned how to navigate it as an artist. Recording and producing electronic dance music under the name 3LAU — pronounced “blau,” like his surname — he produced original tracks and remixes for artists including Rihanna, Katy Perry, and Ariana Grande, among others.
In 2016 he launched his own record label, Blume Records. But a couple years earlier he had met the Winklevoss twins, of The Social Network fame, who had successfully reinvented themselves as crypto evangelists. (They love dance music. Also they’re billionaires now.)
Blau had studied finance in college, and had became enchanted by the vision the twins shared with other crypto backers: a means for creating a frictionless transfer of value anywhere in the world. But it wasn’t until 2017, when Ethereum began its rise, that he began to consider the implications for music. Ethereum’s “smart contracts,” which can automatically execute transactions without the need for an intermediary, felt like they could be a building block for something new.
By selling ownership directly to fans, Blau generated far more than any record label would have paid him
Earlier this year, Blau put it into practice. In February, he sold various NFTs of his album Ultraviolet in an auction. To almost everyone’s surprise, the auction generated $11.7 million in sales. This offered an early hint of how the blockchain could uniquely change the music industry: by eliminating the record labels and selling ownership of his music directly to fans, Blau generated far more than any record label would have paid him.
That planted the seeds for Royal, a startup whose name hints at its core purpose. After Blau’s success with selling his own album, investors lined up to throw money at him. In August, while still at the seed stage, he raised an eyebrow-raising $16 million for a platform that would let other artists sell ownership stakes to their fans. Here’s how Danny Nelson described the process at CoinDesk:

Limited digital assets, or LDAs, are the backbone of the system, Blau explained in a call.
An artist decides how much of his or her royalty share to reserve for LDA-holding fans and how many “official editions” to mint for a given song. Royal then facilitates the sale of those LDA tokens, generating cash for the artist and the possibility of future income from the song owners.
A song with 100 “official editions” might entitle each holder to 0.5% of the royalties it generates, Blau said.

The idea is to take the traditional record industry model, in which the label might keep 80 percent of all future royalties, and flip it to one where the artist keeps 80 percent. (Royal takes a cut of primary sales that is under 10 percent, the company said, as well as a cut of secondary sales.)


What’s an NFT?
NFTs allow you to buy and sell ownership of unique digital items and keep track of who owns them using the blockchain. NFT stands for “non-fungible token,” and it can technically contain anything digital, including drawings, animated GIFs, songs, or items in video games. An NFT can either be one-of-a-kind, like a real-life painting, or one copy of many, like trading cards, but the blockchain keeps track of who has ownership of the file.
NFTs have been making headlines lately, some selling for millions of dollars, with high-profile memes like Nyan Cat and the “deal with it” sunglasses being put up for auction. There’s also a lot of discussion about the massive electricity use and environmental impacts of NFTs. If you (understandably) still have questions, you can read through our NFT FAQ.


This summer, Blau tested the platform by giving away 333 NFTs representing half the streaming ownership in his new single. Those songs have now generated more than $600,000 in sales and are worth more than $6 million.
And so just four months after Royal raised its seed round, investors are even more excited. On Monday, Blau announced that Royal had raised another $55 million, with new investors including The Chainsmokers, Nas, and Kygo.
“I really do think we’re scratching the surface here,” Blau told me in an interview this week. (In true rock ‘n’ roll fashion, he Zoomed in from a boat.) “Creativity always leads culture in a lot of ways. And we’re starting to see creatives really buy into this.”
The future of music
Royal is so early in its life — the core product is still in private beta — that it’s basically impossible to guess at its chances. It isn’t alone in its space, either: competitors with a similar take include Royalty Exchange and SongVest.
But it doesn’t feel too early to ask what might happen in a world where artists keep more or even most of the value that they create. This is personally relevant to me, of course, as a creative type who also stepped away from a “major” — a staff job at a big publication — in favor of selling my work directly to readers. But the larger cultural consequences could be significant.
On Tuesday morning, I Zoomed with Blau (on his boat) and Fred Ehrsam (in an office) about the possibilities. Ehrsam, who sits on Royal’s board, is the co-founder of the crypto VC firm Paradigm. (He previously co-founded Coinbase, and served as its president until leaving in 2017 to be start Paradigm with Matt Huang.)
The potential for more consumer applications of crypto have been apparent since Ethereum was created, Ehrsam told me. But they have only recently begun to come into view, with NFT-based projects like Blau’s leading the way.
“I’ve sort of been waiting for this moment for years now, and we’re finally here,” Ehrsam said.
Here are some of the possibilities that Blau and Ehrsam see if more artists use crypto tools to sell their work:
Artists own their own businesses on the internet. Maybe the most obvious implication, and on one level, not all that new. (Many artists already create businesses of various sorts to publish albums, organize tours, and so on.) What’s new is that the record label doesn’t necessarily need to be a part of it at all. This is important for a lot of reasons, but perhaps the most important one is that …
You incentivize the creation of different kinds of music. Stories  abound of record labels not recognizing the genius of their talent. (I Am Trying to Break Your Heart, one of my favorite music documentaries, chronicles the rejection of Wilco’s masterpiece Yankee Hotel Foxtrot and the band’s struggles to release it anyway.) So do stories about the consolidation of the terrestrial radio industry dramatically limiting the music that gets airplay.
One idea suggested by Royal is the label’s opinion — and the radio station’s — is about to matter a lot less. All of a sudden, if you can grow a big enough social following, you can make a living off whatever music makes you happiest. This is somewhat true today, of course, but primarily to musicians who can live off touring and streaming revenue — a very small number of people, at least compared to the number of creators who make a living off (for example) YouTube and TikTok.
“We’ve seen this with other new internet platforms in the past — and YouTube is a great example — where you end up getting all these creators, and all this novel content, that you never would have gotten without the platform,” Ehrsam told me. “And I think something similar can happen here.”
You promote remix culture. Some of my favorite music of the past couple decades involves remixes that are at best tolerated by music labels. Think of The Grey Album, Danger Mouse’s inspired 2004 mashup of the Beatles’ White Album with Jay-Z’s Black Album. Or take Girl Talk, who managed to eke out a career throwing dozens of songs into a blender and stitching them together into spectacular new tracks.
But those were the exceptions: for the most part, record labels have never embraced this kind of remixing. (It’s legally difficult, given byzantine copyright arrangements; also; where are the profits?)
Now imagine what might happen if an artist could effectively buy into a song by purchasing some of its tokens on Royal or another platform, and then profit directly from the success of the remix. Suddenly, all the right incentives are aligned. The creators can create, and the owners get paid. (Also, they are the same people.)
You reinvent the music “collection.” Blau pointed out to me that music collections were once a source of pride for lots of people. (They still are, to vinyl collectors.) Royal’s model encourages music fans to think of themselves more like art collectors, Blau said.
“One of our new hires at the company, when I was interviewing him, said something that was so powerful to me, which was we all have the same music collection — and then he held up his phone,” Blau said. “And [he’s] right. There’s nothing special about that. […] What you own is an expression of yourself. And we’re about to see that scale in a really big way, with Royal being the music end of that.”
Fans become marketers. Today’s internet has created its share of big fandoms, who mostly work in exchange for likes, comments, and shares. About the best you can hope for is that your favorite artist replies to you, or shares one of your posts.
One question Royal raises: What happens if every song has its own stans who benefit financially the more it is played?
“When you own it, you want to evangelize it. I think we’ll see that with music in a similar way.”
“Your fans become your biggest promoters and your distribution,” Ehrsam said. “We’ve seen that with Bitcoin in the past. When you own it, you want to evangelize it. I think we’ll see that with music in a similar way.”
Ehrsam also predicted we will eventually see new kinds of creative work coming from fans. Fine art, video pieces, mixed media — who knows? To the extent it becomes valuable, fans with ownership would benefit from its growth in value.
“I suspect that now that people have ownership over this IP, they’ll probably figure out other things to do with it, too,” he said.
Crypto enters the mainstream. Ehrsam is a crypto maximalist, as you might imagine, and believes that in 10 years or so, almost everyone will own at least one NFT. Music rights might be one of the things that gets us there, he says.
“Crypto is becoming culture, and culture and investing are becoming one of the same,” Ehrsam said. He said this year’s mania for GameStop and other meme stocks was as much about building fun online communities as it was about financial gain.
“When you look at what Royal and Web3 are doing broadly, it’s exactly that,” he said. “It’s packaging entertainment, community and economics into a single thing. And that, I think, will be extremely powerful.”
Of course, you could take a more pessimistic view of all this, too. I keep imagining trying to pitch Royal to the Sex Pistols in 1975, only to have Johnny Rotten punch me in the face. What could be less punk rock than giving every song, in effect, its own homeowners association?
But it’s clear that today’s record industry isn’t working for the vast majority of artists. And even if companies like Royal are only able to nudge labels into offering more lucrative deals, it still may all have been worth it.
In the meantime, Blau says he’s courting major artists to begin selling on Royal.
“Our enemy at Royal is the bad record deal,” he said. “And not every record deal is bad. But many of them are.”


Platformer by Casey Newton
This column was co-published with Platformer, a daily newsletter about Big Tech and democracy.


Subscribe here












As the Federal Aviation Administration continues examining whether mid-band 5G spectrum could pose a risk to aircraft safety systems, Verizon and AT&T have offered to dial back the power coming from 5G cell towers for a period of six months to ease any industry concerns. Both carriers are preparing to launch crucial upgrades to their respective 5G networks using spectrum acquired in the C-band auction. This will lead to more robust 5G connectivity and faster speeds compared to the base-level 5G experience that Verizon and AT&T currently offer today. 
In early November, both companies agreed to push back the rollout by an additional month to January 2022. In a letter sent to the FCC today, they made clear that they’ll be moving forward with the planned mid-band 5G launch at that time. “This spectrum will be the backbone of our 5G networks for many years to come,” the companies said in the letter, as reported by The Wall Street Journal. 
In support of the technology, Verizon and AT&T point to years of research about potential interference and note that mid-band 5G hasn’t wreaked havoc for flights in other countries where mid-band 5G is already in place. “While we remain confident that 5G poses no risk to air safety, we are also sensitive to the Federal Aviation Administration’s desire for additional analysis of this issue.”
To help prevent a drawn-out conflict with the FAA, the two carriers say they’ll voluntarily take extra precautions through July 2022 “to minimize energy coming from 5G base stations — both nationwide and to an even greater degree around public airports and heliports.” That should be enough to “allay concerns about radio altimeter performance,” the companies said, while also maintaining strong performance for wireless customers. Altimeters can assist aircraft operators during landings, especially when dealing with poor visibility conditions.
It’s not yet clear whether the proposal will be accepted by the FAA, which has warned pilots of the possibility that “interference from 5G transmitters and other technology could cause certain safety equipment to malfunction, requiring them to take mitigating action that could affect flight operations.” After July 6th, both carriers say they’ll set everything back to normal “unless credible evidence exists that real-world interference would occur if the mitigations were relaxed.” 
“Our use of this spectrum will dramatically expand the reach and capabilities of the nation’s next-generation 5G networks, advancing US leadership, and bringing enormous benefits to consumers and the US economy,” Verizon and AT&T claimed in their joint letter sent to FCC Chair Jessica Rosenworcel.

If you’re a long-time Android user, you’re used to long-pressing the power button to (logically) power your phone on or off. For a while, long-pressing the button while the phone was on also enabled you to restart it, lock it down, or signal an emergency. (For a short time during Android 10, you could also use it to take screenshots.) 
So you may have been a little perturbed if, after you upgraded your phone to Android 12, you found that long-pressing the power button did not bring up the shut-down menu but instead activated Google Assistant. This is something that was instituted with the new version of the OS, and it’s supposed to be A Good Thing.

 









Long-pressing the power button can bring up this menu...



 









...or it can bring up Google Assistant.




You can still get the power and emergency menu by pressing the power and volume up buttons simultaneously — which may work for you if you seldom (if ever) need to shut down your phone. But if you’d rather have less awkward access to the emergency button or want to go back to being able to long-press the power button in order to shut down or restart your phone, don’t fret — you can change it back. Here’s how:

Open your Settings menu (by swiping down twice from the top of your phone and tapping on the gear button).
Select System > Gestures.
Go down to the bottom of the menu and tap “Press and hold power button.”
Toggle off “Hold for Assistant.”


 









“Press and hold power button” is at the bottom of the Gestures menu.



 









Toggle it on to use the power button for Google Assistant; off to bring up the power menu.




And that’s it!
Incidentally, there are a number of different options for using taps and other gestures on the Gestures menu that you may want to take advantage of. For example, you can set Quick Tap (two taps on the back of the phone) to enable a number of features — for example, you can use it to take a screenshot, open a specific app, or even access Google Assistant (which is how I have it set so that I can keep the power button long-press for that emergency menu). 
You can also arrange to press the power button twice to start your camera, go back to the old-fashioned three-button navigation at the bottom of your screen, or put your phone face down to turn on Do Not Disturb, among others. 

 









You can use two taps at the back of the phone to enable a number of features.



 









Two presses of the power button can quickly start the camera.




All of these, and other features, can be enabled or disabled in the Gestures menu.

Due to a confluence of factors in 2021 — from production delays thanks to the ongoing pandemic, rising costs of labor and components, to the global chip shortage — prices for flagship phones have been higher than ever. The absolutely premium phones, like the Apple iPhone 13 Pro Max and Samsung Galaxy Z Fold3 5G, now cost well over $1,000, or about the price of a good laptop. Even if you’re willing to shell out top dollar for the best smartphone of 2021, it’ll take lots of luck and patience to get one into your hands this holiday season.
Thankfully, you no longer have to spend a huge amount to get something amazing, as a bunch of great smartphones are available for around $600 to 800 this year. In fact, if you like Android, the best phone for your buck this holiday season is the $599 Google Pixel 6. For everyone else, our pick for the best overall phone is the $829 Apple iPhone 13.
And if you want to get the best smartphone on a budget, you can find something really good for under $500 or even less. For those recommendations, you can check out our guide to budget smartphones.
A great smartphone should last you for several years (at least), have a great camera, a nice screen, long battery life, and be fast enough to do all the work, social networking, and gaming you want to pack into a day. After all, upgrade cycles are slowing down: people are holding onto their phones for longer, so they’re looking for features that will last a few years. Believe it or not, most top phones are pretty neck and neck in terms of their user experience and features these days — so picking the best one is often a matter of degrees or preferences.

















Apple iPhone 13




                $829
              





Starting at $829 (without activation), the iPhone 13 features a new A15 Bionic chip, an OLED display, 128GB of internal storage, and compatibility with all 5G networks. Available in black, teal, red, white, and pink.







              $829
              

at Apple
            





              $829
              

at Amazon
            






















Google Pixel 6




                $599
              





The Google Pixel 6 is the new base model of Google’s latest flagship. It features the Google Tensor CPU, 8GB of RAM, and a rear camera with both 50 megapixels for its main wide-angle and 12 megapixels for its ultrawide. 







              $599
              

at Google
            





              $599
              

at B&H Photo
            






The best phones 2021
 









The iPhone 13 can do it all: it hits the sweet spot between price, pocketability, and features.
Photo by Vjeran Pavic / The Verge



1. Apple iPhone 13

Best iPhone to buy in 2021
Out of the four iPhone 13 variants that Apple launched in 2021, the $829 iPhone 13 (unlocked) hits the sweet spot between price, pocketability, and features. 
It has a new processor, a bigger battery, 128GB of internal storage, and uses the same large camera sensor as the acclaimed iPhone 12 Pro Max, but you wouldn’t know it from its compact size. 
In fact, the 13 looks almost identical to the 12 but is just a bit thicker and heavier, with substantially bigger camera bumps and lenses that swapped places. (No, you won’t be able to reuse your iPhone 12 case for the 13.) Otherwise, it has the same overall design, a brighter 6.1-inch OLED display, the same 12-megapixel selfie camera, the same MagSafe wireless charging, the same water and dust resistance (IP68), and the same support for both sub-6GHz and mmWave 5G networks. On top of all that, it comes in five colors (including pink), one more than you can choose from in the Pro models.
What’s different with the iPhone 13’s new A15 Bionic chip is that it should still feel fast in years to come, but it’s difficult to measure significant speed improvements with iPhones. The new chip helps the iPhone 13 run more efficiently, which lasts well into the evening without needing a top up.
Using the same camera sensor that made the iPhone 12 Pro Max the best smartphone camera for photos and videos in 2020, the iPhone 13’s main wide-angle camera has 
 For most people, the iPhone 13 is an easy choice
significantly improved. Photo details are sharp and accurate, colors are rich without being oversaturated, focusing is fast and reliable, portrait mode is good enough to use day to day, and low light and night sight are both exceptional. Its ultrawide camera, on the other hand, has only been minorly updated for better low-light performance.
Video quality is also great. The main camera has sensor stabilization, which helps when you’re walking around. It can do all the modes that matter in terms of 4K and slow-mo and handles them all super well. It even lets you record videos in Cinematic mode, which helps you smoothly switch focus between subjects by changing the depth of field.
The iPhone 13 starts with 128GB of storage. Because its storage is not expandable, and depending on how you’ll be using the phone, you might want to bite the bullet and upgrade to the next tier.
For most people, the iPhone 13 is an easy choice: it offers similar performance, design, camera features, and (sometimes) better battery life than other iPhone 13 models, for less money.

 









The Pixel 6 (right) is Google’s first flagship phone, and it’s already right up there with the best from Apple and Samsung.
Photo by Becca Farsace / The Verge



2. Google Pixel 6

Best Android phone to buy in 2021
The Pixel 6 is a lot of phone for $599. As Google’s first true flagship phone since 2019, the Pixel 6 gets many things right and is right up there with the iPhone 13 Pro and Samsung Galaxy S21 Ultra in camera quality, overall performance, and battery life. When you consider the fact the Pixel 6 is a good $200 less than its rivals, it’s simply the most value-packed flagship phone for Android fans this year. Sorry, OnePlus.
You can tell the Pixel 6 from the Pixel 6 Pro by its slightly smaller 6.4-inch, 1080p OLED flat display and bolder color choices like two-tone red or green (black is also an option). For a relatively big phone, the Pixel 6 is not too thick yet feels substantial. That said, its glossy body is super slippery, so you’ll need to budget for a third-party case (forget the Google ones, they aren’t worth the money).
At the heart of the Pixel 6 is Tensor, Google’s first proprietary mobile processor that is on par with the Qualcomm Snapdragon 888 chip inside other Android flagships. Tensor allows the new Pixel to lean into Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence to learn some new tricks. You can use the Magic Eraser to remove photo-bombers from your photos, take 
it’s simply the most value packed flagship phone for Android fans this year.
photos that better reflect real skin tones, as well as use Google Assistant to handle automated calls for you. The Pixel 6 has 8GB of RAM, 128GB or 256GB of internal storage, and runs the latest Android 12 software with Google’s new Material You theming.
Inside its sizable rear camera bar are dual cameras, 50-megapixel wide and 12-megapixel ultrawide cameras, along with a laser detection autofocus sensor for low-light and depth. Unlike the Pixel 6 Pro, the 6 doesn’t have a telephoto camera. Still, its images are very good in both normal and low light and very competitive with the best from Apple. 
The Pixel 6 has a 4,614mAh battery (should last two days for light users), supports Qi wireless charging, and has some protection from rain storms (IP68). Its main weakness is a slow under-screen fingerprint scanner, and the phone lacks a face unlock option. While not perfect, the Pixel 6 is an all-around good phone for $599 and is our pick for the best Android phone to buy right now. 

 









Both the iPhone 13 Pro and iPhone 13 Pro Max share the same camera system, so either Pro models will be good for content creation.
Photo by Vjeran Pavic / The Verge



3. Apple iPhone 13 Pro and iPhone 13 Pro Max 
Best phone for photography and video in 2021
Both the iPhone 13 Pro and iPhone 13 Pro Max share the same top-of-the-line camera system this year, and they are our pick as the iPhone for photos and videos. This time around, you don’t have to buy the biggest and most expensive model to get the best camera system — you get the same experience with either of the Pro models.
The three rear cameras — standard wide, ultrawide, and telephoto — combine with Apple’s image processing to produce stunning images, particularly in low light. If photo and video quality is your most important factor when buying a phone, the 13 Pro is where you should be spending your money.
The 13 Pro has a physically larger camera sensor compared to prior models that allows its main 12-megapixel camera to gather more light and produce better-quality images, especially in dark or challenging lighting conditions. Its ultrawide camera is able to take stunning macro photos, thanks to its new close focus capability. In addition, the 3x optical 
This time around, you don’t have to buy the biggest and most expensive model to get the best camera system
zoom on the telephoto lens makes for great portrait photography. That larger sensor and the fact that it’s using sensor-based stabilization make for stable and beautiful videos, even in low light. You can even shoot and edit videos directly in ProRes on the iPhone 13 Pro (as long as you have a 256GB or higher storage model).
For those looking for the best Android camera system available, we recommend getting the $899 Google Pixel 6 Pro, especially if a telephoto lens is a must. We pitted the Pixel 6 Pro and iPhone 13 Pro cameras in a comparison video, and the results are pretty evenly split. While the Pixel 6 Pro’s video capabilities are still behind the iPhone, it can more than hold its own on stills, and its telephoto camera is even better than the iPhone 13 Pro’s. 

















Apple iPhone 13 Pro




                $999
              





The iPhone 13 pro shares the same camera system as the iPhone 13 Pro Max, but in a more compact body. It has a 6.1-inch screen, 128GB of internal storage (up to 1TB), and is powered by the new A15 Bionic processor,







              $999
              

at Apple
            





              $999
              

at Amazon
            






















Apple iPhone 13 Pro Max




                $1,099
              





The iPhone 13 Pro Max is a beast, with the best smartphone camera system of 2021. Weighing a hefty 8.46 ounces, it has a gigantic 6.7-inch OLED screen, the new A15 Bionic chip, and a battery that can handle all the 4K videos you throw at it.







              $1,099
              

at Apple
            






















Google Pixel 6 Pro  




                $899
              





The Google Pixel 6 Pro is the larger sibling of the newest Pixel duo, with a 6.7-inch screen, 12GB of RAM, and a third camera featuring a 4x telephoto lens and 48 megapixels of resolution. 







              $899
              

at Google
            





              $899
              

at B&H Photo
            






 









The iPhone 13 Mini has all the same cameras and features as its siblings but packs a smaller battery for light users.
Photo by Vjeran Pavic / The Verge



4. Apple iPhone 13 Mini

Best small smartphone in 2021
There’s really only one reason to buy an iPhone 13 Mini, but it’s an important one: if you want a phone that’s easier to use in one hand or put into a small pocket. The iPhone 13 Mini is one of very few small phones on the market with top-tier features and specs; you don’t have to compromise in performance, build quality, or cameras with this one.
Though it’s much smaller in size than the other iPhones released this year, the Mini’s 5.4-inch screen is still big enough for text messaging, email, web browsing, apps, video, and games, and if you’re coming from an iPhone 6 / 7 / 8, it will feel quite spacious. But it’s also small enough that most adults, even those with small hands, will be able to comfortably reach all of the screen with their thumb. You won’t need a PopSocket on this one.
One important downside to a smaller phone: the iPhone 13 Mini has a smaller battery
One important downside to a smaller phone: the iPhone 13 Mini has a smaller battery that probably won’t last a power user through a whole day without a charge. It’s really designed for a lighter user who isn’t glued to the phone all day. Otherwise, the Mini is the same phone as the iPhone 13: it has the same design, processor, cameras, 5G support, and build quality as the larger model. It’s just smaller and has a smaller price tag, at about $100 less. 
If you prefer Android, the Asus Zenfone 8 is a good alternative. It’s a little bigger than the 13 Mini with a 5.9-inch screen, and it doesn’t work on Verizon, but it’s otherwise a very similar proposition: great build quality, top-notch processor, and high-end features like a 120Hz screen all tucked into a pocket-friendly device.

















Apple iPhone 13 Mini




                $729
              





The iPhone 13 Mini has all the features and cameras of its bigger siblings, just in a smaller package. It has a 5.4-inch display, 128GB of storage, a smaller battery, and the same A15 Bionic chip as other iPhone 13s.







              $729
              

at Apple
            






















Asus Zenfone 8




                $649
              





For small-phone Android fans, the Asus Zenfone 8 is the perfect fit. It has a relatively tiny 5.9-inch display, 8GB of RAM, 128GB of storage, and a dual camera system (64-megapixel main camera with OIS and a 12-megapixel ultrawide).







              $649
              

at Newegg
            






 









Samsung’s Galaxy Note 20 Ultra has a built-in S Pen and a battery that can last two days.
Photo by Vjeran Pavic / The Verge



5. Samsung Galaxy Note 20 Ultra

If you want a stylus built into your phone
If you’re looking for a premium phone with a stylus and amazing battery life, the Samsung Galaxy Note 20 Ultra is still the one for you. Because this device originally launched in 2020, and there are rumors that Samsung will be discontinuing the series in 2022, you might be able to score some deals for this device — if you can find one. 
The Note 20 Ultra is a high-end phone in every other respect. Its giant 6.9-inch OLED display is 2K in resolution and supports a 120Hz refresh rate for smooth interactions. It is powered by the Qualcomm Snapdragon 865 Plus processor and 12GB of RAM, so it can perform without a hiccup. Together, these elements make the S Pen sing by cutting down 
you might be able to score some deals for this device — if you can find one
the latency between inking and what you see on-screen. While its triple rear camera system is not as good as the iPhone 13 Pro’s, it’s still one of the most advanced you can get. With its 4,500mAh battery, you can expect about two days of use before you’ll need a recharge.
Although you can technically use the S Pen with the Galaxy Z Fold 3, it isn’t built into the phone like it is here on the Note 20 Ultra. If you want your S Pen and phone in one clean color-coordinated package, you’ll need to get the Note 20 Ultra while it’s still available.

















Samsung Galaxy Note 20 Ultra




                $1,153
              

                $1,200
              

                  4% off
                





The Galaxy Note 20 Ultra is one of Samsung’s top-tier non-folding phones, and it has excellent battery life.







              $1,153
              

at Amazon
            





              $1,099
              

at Samsung
            






 









One of the perks of the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 3 is its 1.9-inch exterior screen for widgets and notifications.
Photo by Dan Seifert / The Verge



6. Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 3

Best flip phone of 2021
Sick of smartphones that only get bigger and heavier when all you want is for some new ways to use your phone? Samsung’s third go at a flip phone seems to strike the right balance of whimsy, technical prowess and price that make the Galaxy Z Flip 3 appealing to mainstream users.
For $999.99, this 4.2-inch pocketable device can transform into a 6.7-inch 1080p OLED display that is bright and has a fast 120Hz refresh rate. The screen can also be used as a split screen for multitasking. When closed, you can use the 1.9-inch outer second screen, which displays handy widgets like app notifications and audio player controls without making you open the phone. 
Flip 3 hits at just the right price and style point for it to mainstream the idea of a flip phone
The Galaxy Flip 3 has the same Qualcomm Snapdragon 888 processor and 8GB of RAM as any other flagship phone released in 2021. Battery life is also just fine, providing between four and five hours of screen time between charges. 
It’s too bad its dual cameras did not get an upgrade from the previous iteration. Both the 12-megapixel standard wide and ultrawide rear cameras, as well as the 10-megapixel front-facing selfie camera, take good but not great photos. Due to the Z Flip 3’s form factor, it can double as a mobile tripod for the cameras, which makes for some fun new ways to take photos.
Unlike the $1,400 Motorola Razr (2020), the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 3 hits at just the right price and style point for it to mainstream the idea of a flip phone. It’s hard to say how durable this foldable screen will be, but at least you can be among the first to find out. 

















Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 3 (128GB) with free Galaxy Buds 2




                $925
              

                $1,000
              

                  8% off
                





Samsung’s Galaxy Z Flip 3 is a foldable phone with a non-foldable price tag. The unique, water-resistant device comes with a Qualcomm Snapdragon 888 processor and 120Hz display, as well as 5G support.







              $925
              

at Samsung
            






 









The TCL 20S has a fingerprint-resistant layer of “micron-sized prismatic crystrals” that gives its back cover an understated shimmer.
Photo by Gloria Sin / The Verge



7. TCL 20S

Best phone under $300 in 2021
Not everyone needs a premium flagship phone, and even a budget phone can be a delight to use these days. If your budget is sub-$300, and you are on the hunt for the best bang for your buck, the $250 TCL 20S will defy your expectations for what a budget should look and feel like.
You might recognize the TCL brand from its popular budget smart TVs, where its screen expertise is what makes the TCL 20S’s vibrant, 6.67-inch 1080p screen a standout. The 20S has a layer of fingerprint-resistant, “micron-sized prismatic crystals’’ on its back that gives it a subtle shimmer. It has a quick fingerprint sensor that is built into its power button, as well as face unlock as an additional security option.
its screen expertise is what makes the TCL 20S’s vibrant, 6.67-inch 1080p screen a standout
While the 20S’s camera system is nothing to write home about, its 64-megapixel main camera and 15-megapixel front camera are both more than capable of taking detailed photos in good lighting conditions — just don’t use them for night or macro photography.
For a budget phone, the 20S has no noticeable lag in performance, thanks to its Qualcomm Snapdragon 665 processor and 4GB of RAM. By default, it comes with 128GB of internal storage, a microSD card slot, a 3.5mm audio jack, and a 5,000mAh battery that lasts for around two days without a recharge. 
The TCL 20S is proof that even a $250 can buy a good phone without many compromises. It just nails all the basics that anyone would want from a phone: good performance, a good screen, good battery life, for a good price.

















TCL 20S




                $250
              





A $250 phone can be a delight to use, too. This TCL 20S has a bright 6.67-inch 1080p screen, 128GB storage, and a 5,000mAh battery.







              $250
              

at Amazon
            





              $250
              

at Best Buy
            
















The Pixel 5A will receive three years of OS and security updates from Google.
Photo by Allison Johnson / The Verge


8. Google Pixel 5A

Best Android phone under $500 in 2021
The Google Pixel 5A is a bit like the hidden track on the b-side of an album: those who are in the know love it, but most casual Android users may not even know it exists. It’s only available from Google’s online store because carriers don’t carry the Pixel 5A, but it’s worth the effort to get this hidden gem of a $450 5G phone.
The Pixel 5A has made some key upgrades from the discontinued Pixel 5: its screen is now a bit bigger at 6.3 inches, it has a slightly bigger battery at 4,680mAh, and it provides some dust and water protection (IP67). Otherwise, it has the same beloved camera sensor, Qualcomm Snapdragon 765G processor, 6GB RAM, as well as 5G connectivity (sub-6GHz 5G). 
The Google Pixel 5A is a bit like the hidden track on the b-side of an album
Like its predecessors, the Pixel 5A’s main claim to fame is its camera, which can go head-to-head with flagships that cost $1,000 or more. That’s because Google does so much of the image processing in software — the sensor itself is actually a few years old now. It means the Pixel 5A can take night photos, do astrophotography, and has a passable portrait mode. It can’t hang with the iPhone SE for video but beats it for photos every time.
One of the benefits of getting a Pixel is that it’ll be first in line for the latest Android updates. Google has committed to providing three years of OS and security updates to the 5A. Android 12 is already available for it, and it will be one of the first models to get the next version after that.

















Google Pixel 5A




                $399
              

                $449
              

                  12% off
                





As the mid-range Pixel phone, the Pixel 5A features a 6.34-inch 1080p OLED, same best-in-class camera, with IP67 water resistance, and three years of software support from Google. You’ll be among the first to experience the latest Android build, like Android 12 that is already released for the 5A.







              $399
              

at Google
            






 









Third time’s the charm for the $1,800 Samsung Galaxy Z Fold 3, but it’s still too expensive for most.
Photo by Dieter Bohn / The Verge



9. Samsung Galaxy Z Fold 3

Best folding phone of 2021
If you’ve been waiting patiently for the foldable phone to mature before dropping some serious coin for one, this might be the year to get the Samsung Galaxy Z Fold 3. (Microsoft’s dual-screen Surface Duo 2 is a distant second to the Fold 3, in this early two-device race.) 
The Fold 3 is Samsung’s third-generation folding phone. Its main premise is this: it is sized like a skinny smartphone that fits in your pocket, but it unfolds to reveal a tablet-sized 7.6-inch display on the inside. That inside screen makes everything from reading books to 
That flexibility is unmatched by any other phone you can buy right now
browsing the web to watching video to playing games more enjoyable and immersive. When you’re done using it, just fold it back up and stick it in your pocket just like any other phone. It also has an extra 6.2-inch screen on the cover with 2268 x 832 resolution, so you can use it for quick tasks when you don’t have enough time or space to unfold the main screen.
That flexibility is unmatched by any other phone you can buy right now, but it doesn’t come without a significant list of compromises. The Fold 3 is twice as thick when closed compared to normal phones, all its cameras are sub-par, and its 4,400mAh battery is a bit small to power so many screens. While the Fold 3 is water resistant (IPX8), the durability of its foldable screen and hinge remains an open question. 
But the biggest compromise is its cost: the Fold 3 is roughly twice as expensive as other high-end phones. At $1,800, you’re still paying a lot for the ability to fold a tablet screen in half. If you’re willing to put up with those compromises for an experience that’s unlike anything else, though, the Fold 3 delivers.

















Samsung Galaxy Z Fold 3 (256GB, unlocked)




                $1,400
              

                $1,800
              

                  23% off
                





The Galaxy Z Fold 3 is Samsung’s latest attempt at making foldable phones more mainstream. It’s expensive, sure, but it’s also more durable than previous models and comes with a 120Hz display and support for the once-exclusive S Pen. To qualify for this price cut, you need to activate the phone with a carrier on the day of purchase.







              $1,400
              

at Best Buy
            





              $1,500
              

at Amazon
            









If you’re shopping for a new phone on a budget this holiday season, we’ve got good news: you’re more likely to find mid-range sub-$500 phones available than many of the hottest flagships of 2021. 
Due to an unfortunate series of events — from the ongoing chip shortage, labor shortage, the pandemic, and global shipping delays — retailers are having a hard time keeping phones like the Samsung Galaxy S21 or iPhone 13 Pro in stock; Samsung has been hit particularly hard with supply issues all year. Fortunately, there are many excellent alternatives that are nearly as capable and cost a lot less to boot.
Companies like Apple, Google, and Samsung are spreading the wealth of features enjoyed by their flagships down to less expensive options. Other brands like OnePlus are also finding ways to challenge more established manufacturers with lower prices and more premium features.
The bad news is this makes the job of picking the best budget phone that much harder. It’s impossible to buy a phone that does everything well at this price point. So prioritize the features that matter most to you, whether it’s 5G compatibility with a particular network, high-resolution screen, low price, best camera, or longevity with software updates. It’s difficult to get straight A’s in every single one of these needs, but if you’re able to tolerate the occasional B, you’ll find a phone you’ll love. We recommend getting an unlocked phone for the best price and portability, but you might find better deals by buying through a carrier and signing up for a wireless plan.
Our pick for the best inexpensive iPhone is the 2020 edition of the Apple iPhone SE. Even though it’s well over a year old, we think it’s still the best bet for most people. While it does a competent job at everything, its standout feature is that it should last four or more years if treated well.
If you’re looking for the best budget Android phone, then the Google Pixel 5A is our top choice. You’ll find an all-around good phone with a flagship-level camera, three years of software updates from Google, plus IP67 water resistance — all at a lower price than last year’s model.

















Apple iPhone SE (2020)




                $399
              





Apple’s iPhone SE 2020 (2nd-generation) strikes the right balance of camera, build quality, speed, battery life, software, and longevity for most people. It uses the same A13 Bionic processor as the iPhone 11, but in a smaller body and gets four years of software support from Apple. 







              $399
              

at Apple
            






















Google Pixel 5A




                $399
              

                $449
              

                  12% off
                





As the mid-range Pixel phone, the Pixel 5A features a 6.34-inch 1080p OLED, same best-in-class camera, with IP67 water resistance, and three years of software support from Google. You’ll be among the first to experience the latest Android build, like Android 12 that is already released for the 5A.







              $399
              

at Google
            







The best smartphone for under $500 in 2021

 









The Apple iPhone SE is a great choice if you want a phone that lasts for years.



1. Apple iPhone SE 2020 (2nd-generation)

The best iPhone under $500
Apple’s iPhone SE 2020 (2nd-generation) strikes the right balance of camera, build quality, speed, battery life, software, and longevity for most people. Even though it’s over a year old now, it should still give you an excellent return on investment. We recommend upgrading to the model with 128GB of storage for $449, which is $50 over the base price but well worth it long term.
The iPhone SE follows a very tried and true formula. It has the same body and 4.7-inch LCD screen that Apple has been using since the iPhone 6. That puts the display on the smaller end of screen sizes today, which also means the phone’s bezels are bigger than anything else sold on the market. High-refresh-rate screens with smoother animations and scrolling have been trickling down into the budget class recently, but you won’t find one here.
The 2020 SE is part of the iPhone 11 generation, so its A13 Bionic processor is two years behind the latest and greatest and won’t win any benchmark races. (That would be the A15 chipset in the iPhone 13 lineup.) It’s still plenty performant, though, and it’s often hard to tell 
If you’re looking for the fastest wireless connectivity, the SE is not going to provide it
the difference between a two-year-old iPhone processor and a brand-new one in use. But why that processor really matters, though, is overall longevity. Apple consistently supports its phones for four or more years with software updates. (That’s in comparison to Android, where getting software updates on anything but the Pixel is still a struggle.) So Apple’s choice of a fast processor means, in a few years, the iPhone SE will still feel snappy and be supported with iOS updates.
Cellular connectivity is limited to LTE, which is fine for now but might be limiting in a few years when 5G networks become more widely available. If you’re looking for the fastest wireless connectivity, the SE is not going to provide it.
Battery life is good but not best in class. It should last about a day. Luckily, this iPhone supports wireless charging, which is still uncommon at this price point. And because it has the exact same shape as the iPhone 6, 6S, 7, and 8, there is a huge ecosystem of chargers and cases for it. Unlike many inexpensive Android phones, finding compatible accessories for the iPhone SE will be a breeze.

 









The Pixel 5A’s 6.34-inch screen isn’t huge, but it’s just big enough to not look out of place next to the 6.5-inch competition.
Photo by Allison Johnson / The Verge



2. Google Pixel 5A

The best Android phone under $500
If you’re looking for the best sub-$500 Android phone, the Pixel 5A is your best bet. 
The $449 Pixel 5A has a 6.34-inch OLED screen that’s on the smaller side for the budget class, but it’s bigger than the previous-gen 6.2-inch panel on the Pixel 4A 5G. There’s a bigger battery, too: a 4,680mAh cell that will last through a full day of heavy use and well into day two if you’re a lighter user. The 5A also offers IP67 water resistance for added peace of mind in the event of accidental spills or tumbles into water.
That’s more or less the extent of the 5A’s improvements over its predecessor. The 5A’s dual rear-facing cameras (main and ultrawide), Snapdragon 765G processor, as well as the 6GB RAM and 128GB storage combination, were inherited from the 4A 5G and still deliver solid performance in this iteration.
Software is another area where Pixel phones shine, and the 5A is no exception. It launched with Google’s own Android 11 OS and has already gotten upgraded to Android 12. The software is refreshingly free of the added clutter that other manufacturers sometimes pile onto it. The Pixel 5A is also guaranteed three years of OS upgrades and security updates, which isn’t quite as long as Apple or Samsung’s standard software support timespan but is certainly better than a lot of the Android competition.
There’s also, of course, 5G connectivity. You won’t get the super-fast mmWave flavor of 5G support, but you will be able to access the slower but more common, sub-6GHz 5G network. 
The 5A also offers IP67 water resistance 
But there’s a weird question mark over whether Google will support another set of frequencies that AT&T and Verizon will start using in the near future called the C-band. The company isn’t committing to making the necessary software update to use it, despite supporting it in hardware. It’s a strange blemish on the 5A’s otherwise strong feature set.
The 5A is also getting somewhat of a limited release: it isn’t being sold through any of the major US carriers, but you can buy it from the Google Store and Google Fi. All in, the Pixel 5A is still the budget Android phone we’d recommend. It’s not flashy, but it’s well priced and has it where it counts.

 









The Galaxy A52 5G offers a 120Hz fast refresh-rate screen.



3. Samsung Galaxy A52 5G

The best phone display for $500 
If you’re looking for the best display for your money, the $500 Samsung Galaxy A52 5G is a great option for future-proofing your phone, albeit at the very top of this buying guide’s price range, but it’s well worth its higher price tag.
The A52 5G’s 6.5-inch screen is an OLED panel that’s bright with good contrast that’s generally nice to look at. But its best feature is a subtle one: a 120Hz refresh rate that gives a much smoother appearance to animations and content as you swipe and scroll through menus and social feeds. We’ll likely see this feature make its way into more budget phones soon, but for now, the A52 5G is one of only a few to offer better than the standard 60Hz screen in its class, and it makes the experience of using the phone that much nicer.
The phone overall performs well for its class with a Snapdragon 750G processor and 6GB of RAM. You may notice the occasional hesitation or stutter with heavy tasks, but otherwise, everyday scrolling, app switching, and navigating are handled easily. And even with a power-hungry display, the Galaxy A52 5G’s 4,500mAh battery should get you through at least a day of moderate to heavy use before needing another charge.
One of the A52 5G’s not-so-bright spots is Samsung’s current take on Android, which puts a lot of pre-downloaded apps on your phone that you probably don’t want, and it even 
more of an investment in a phone that you can keep using three or four years from now
includes the occasional ad in places like the native weather app. For a cleaner or more grown-up Android skin, look to the Pixel or OnePlus. The Galaxy A52 5G’s camera is another consideration: it’s capable, but it tends toward an oversaturated look. If you prefer a more natural look to your photos, then the Pixel 5A is the winner here.
There’s also 5G, which we still don’t think is a feature you should run out and buy a new phone for, but it is nice to have the support here — particularly if you plan to hold on to your phone for a few years. This device doesn’t support super-fast mmWave 5G, but it’s hard to come by, so that’s not a huge loss. Importantly, it supports more widely available sub-6GHz bands and should be able to take advantage of improving 5G networks in the US over the next few years.
You can buy a much less expensive device to get you through the next couple of years, and that’s just fine. But if you do want to make more of an investment in a phone that you can keep using three or four years from now, the A52 5G is your best bet right now on Android.

















Samsung Galaxy A52 5G 




                $400
              

                $500
              

                  21% off
                





Future-proof your phone with the Samsung Galaxy A52 5G, which supports the C-band 5G network that will become more widespread in the near future. The phone itself is also full of advanced features for a budget phone : it has an OLED panel with a 120Hz refresh rate, in a $500 device.







              $400
              

at Samsung
            





              $500
              

at Best Buy
            






 









The N10 5G is priced well under $500.
Photo by Allison Johnson / The Verge



4. OnePlus Nord N10 5G

Best 5G phone for under $300 
At $299, the OnePlus N10 5G brings 5G and some upscale features to a budget phone. 
While you won’t find a fantastic screen here, its large 6.46-inch LCD does come with a faster-than-average 90Hz refresh rate. Worth noting is the device’s somewhat “tall” 20:9 aspect ratio, which is a little unusual at first glance but makes the phone slightly narrower and easier to use with one hand. Its processor is capable enough, though it sometimes shows its limits and only supports sub-6Hz 5G networks. It launched with Android 10, and 
don’t expect to get Android 12 on this model
OnePlus has released the update to Android 11 already. But that’s it — don’t expect to get Android 12 on this model. OnePlus is offering two years of security updates in addition to that.
On the camera side, the N10 offers a 64-megapixel main camera that’s surprisingly good in daylight and even moderately low light. There’s an 8-megapixel ultrawide, too, along with macro and monochrome cameras that aren’t really worth talking about. It’s not Pixel 5A-level good, but if you don’t push it too hard, the N10’s main camera takes good photos in the right light.
If you prefer Samsung phones, the Samsung Galaxy A32 5G is also well worth your consideration for two very good reasons: it’s a bit less expensive at $279 and will be supported with security updates for the next four years. However, it lacks some of the N10’s nicer features, like a higher refresh rate screen, good cameras, and a nicer implementation of Android. The A32 5G is a better pick if you want to hang on to your phone for as many years as possible, but the N10 is a more likable device overall.
What if both the Samsung Galaxy A32 5G and the OnePlus Nord N10 5G are just beyond your budget, but you still want a 5G-ready phone in this price bracket? Luckily for you, the unlocked OnePlus Nord N200 5G retails for $240 (or lower from carriers) and includes some fancy features as well. You’ll be treated to a 1080p display that refreshes at 90Hz and a 5,000mAh battery, but it only includes 64GB of internal storage. Yes, it only works on T-Mobile’s sub-6GHz 5G network but will function as a 4G phone on Verizon and AT&T. For the price, it’s not a bad way to get in on all the 5G action. 













        
          OnePlus, N10 5G 
        
      



OnePlus Nord N10 5G




                $300
              

                $319
              

                  6% off
                





The N10 5G offers good all-around performance and 5G as a bonus.







              $300
              

at Amazon
            





              $300
              

at Best Buy
            






















Samsung Galaxy A32 5G




                $205
              

                $280
              

                  27% off
                





The Samsung Galaxy A32 5G has a big 6.5-inch 720p LCD display, is ready for C-band 5G, and will be supported with security updates for the next four years.







              $205
              

at Samsung
            





              $215
              

at Amazon
            






















OnePlus Nord N200 5G




                $200
              

                $240
              

                  17% off
                





The OnePlus Nord N200 is a budget 5G phone. It offers a 6.49-inch Full-HD display with 90Hz refresh rate, a large 5,000mAh battery, with fast charging. These price cuts are for the unlocked version only.







              $200
              

at Amazon
            





              $200
              

at Best Buy
            






 









The TCL 20S has an usually vibrant screen for its class, thanks to TCL’s television display expertise.
Photo by Gloria Sin / The Verge



5. TCL 20S

The best 4G phone under $300
The TCL 20S is proof that even $250 can buy a good phone without many compromises. It just nails all the basics that anyone would want from a phone: good performance, a good screen, and good battery life, all for a good price.
You might recognize the TCL brand from its popular budget smart TVs, where its screen expertise is what makes the TCL 20S’ vibrant, 6.67-inch 1080p screen a standout. The 20S has a layer of fingerprint-resistant, “micron-sized prismatic crystals’’ on its back that gives it a subtle shimmer. It has a quick fingerprint sensor that is built into its power button, as well as face unlock as an additional option.
for the best bang for your buck, the $250 TCL 20S is a solid choice
While the 20S’ camera system is nothing to write home about, its 64-megapixel main camera and 15-megapixel front camera are both more than capable of taking detailed photos in good lighting conditions — just don’t use them for night or macro photography.
For a budget phone, the 20S has no noticeable lag in performance, thanks to its Qualcomm Snapdragon 665 processor and 4GB of RAM. By default, it comes with 128GB of internal storage, a microSD card slot, a 3.5mm audio jack, and a 5,000mAh battery that lasts for around two days without a recharge.
If your budget is sub-$300, and you are on the hunt for the best bang for your buck, the $250 TCL 20S is a solid choice that should work on all major 4G networks in the US.

















TCL 20S




                $250
              





A $250 phone can be a delight to use, too. This TCL 20S has a bright 6.67-inch 1080p screen, 128GB storage, and a 5,000mAh battery.







              $250
              

at Amazon
            





              $250
              

at Best Buy
            






 









Motorola’s Moto G Stylus (2021) is a good phone whether you’re a stylus devotee or just style-curious.
Photo by Allison Johnson / The Verge



6. Motorola Moto G Stylus (2021)

The best budget phone with a stylus
It’s slim pickings for Android users who want a new budget phone with a stylus. With LG exiting the smartphone market this year and Samsung pausing (or perhaps ending) its premium Galaxy Note series, there’s only Motorola’s Moto G Stylus left to hold the line. 
Of the Motorola budget devices we’ve tested this year, the Moto G Stylus (2021) offers the best balance of features and cost-saving measures. It’s a good phone for $280, whether you’re a stylus devotee or just stylus-curious.
It has a big 6.8-inch LCD display at 1080p resolution, good battery life with its 4,000mAh cell, and ample internal storage with 128GB of capacity. Thanks to its Qualcomm Snapdragon 678 processor and 4GB of RAM, the G Stylus performs just fine with the 
it’s a good phone for $280, whether you’re a stylus devotee or just stylus-curious
occasional hiccup. The cameras, though flawed, are good enough to get by. You won’t find an amazing night mode or top-notch picture quality here, but for a sub-$300 phone, it does the job just fine.
The Moto G Stylus’ stylus is built into the device like the Galaxy Note. Popping it out brings up a quick menu of shortcuts to stylus-friendly apps, like its coloring book app.
There’s no telling how much longer Motorola will make the Moto G Stylus, so if you want a budget phone with a built-in stylus, you should grab one while you can.

















Motorola Moto G Stylus (2021)




                $230
              

                $300
              

                  24% off
                





Motorola’s Moto G Stylus (2021) is a rare budget phone with a built-in stylus. It offers a big 6.8-inch LCD display, good battery life with its 4,000mAh cell, and ample internal storage with 128GB of capacity.







              $230
              

at Motorola
            





              $230
              

at Amazon
            






 









TCL 20SE has a gigantic 6.82-inch display that delivers brighter and more vibrant colors than other phones in its class .
Photo by Gloria Sin / The Verge



7. TCL 20SE
The best 4G phone under $200
There are not many great phones available in the sub-$200 range, but the $190 TCL 20SE is a rare gem of its class. It has a 5,000mAh battery, ample onboard storage, and a beautiful “nano-photoetched” back that makes this budget phone look more expensive than it is, 
As the most affordable model of the TCL 20 series, the TCL 20SE has a gigantic 6.82-inch display that is quite low in resolution at 720p but delivers brighter and more vibrant colors than other phones in its class — thanks to TCL’s television screen expertise. 
The 20SE’s Qualcomm Snapdragon 460 processor is supported by 4G of RAM, where they work well enough together to make Pokémon Unite mostly playable, albeit with a slight lag. 
This budget phone looks more expensive than it is
Unlike other budget phones in this space, the 20SE comes with a generous 128GB of internal storage, plus a micro SD card slot for even more capacity. In addition, its 5,000mAh battery lasted a whopping 32 hours on one charge, using only Wi-Fi to connect to the internet. 
While the 20SE’s 48-megapixel main camera can take great snaps in natural light, it’s not really meant for night or macro photography.
All things considered, TCL 20SE is a smart choice for a sub-$200 4G phone, especially If you won’t be using Verizon as your carrier.
However, if you’re on an even tighter budget and need a 4G phone that will work on all the major carriers, you should consider Motorola’s Moto G Pure. Retailing at $160 for the unlocked version, you may be able to find deals as low as free at some carriers — if you sign up for a plan this holiday season. While the Moto G Pure is slower and smaller than the TCL 20SE, it has a more capable 13-megapixel main camera (f/2.2 aperture) that works admirably in low-light situations. Unfortunately, the G Pure only comes with a paltry 32GB of internal storage, so you’ll need to budget for a microSD card to expand its extremely limited capacity. 













        
          TCL 20SE 
        
      



TCL 20SE




                $190
              





The TCL 20SE has a 5,000mAh battery, ample onboard storage, and a beautiful “nano-photoetched” back that makes this budget phone look more expensive than it is, 







              $190
              

at Amazon
            






















Motorola Moto G Pure




                $150
              

                $160
              

                  7% off
                





Motorola’s Moto G Pure is good enough for most casual users. Despite its slower performance and paltry 32GB of storage, it has a very capable main camera and works on all the major 4G networks in America. 







              $150
              

at Amazon
            





              $150
              

at Motorola
            







Instagram chief Adam Mosseri will testify before Congress for the first time next month, as first reported by The New York Times on Wednesday.
Mosseri’s December testimony follows months of scrutiny from Senate lawmakers concerned over how Facebook can harm the mental health of young users. Since Facebook whistleblower Frances Haugen leaked internal Facebook reports to the Wall Street Journal earlier this year, senators have held a series of hearings on how products like Instagram can encourage self-injurious behaviors in teens, especially in young women.
The Senate Commerce Committee’s consumer protection subcommittee held its first hearing in this series in September with Facebook global head of safety Antigone Davis. Responding to the Journal reporting at the time, Davis argued against the newspaper’s reporting that Instagram was harmful. Noting this dispute, Sen. Richard Blumenthal (D-CT) called on Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg to appear before the committee to correct any “inaccurate testimony” provided by Davis. 
In a later letter, Blumenthal extended the invitation to Mosseri as well. “Parents across America are deeply disturbed by ongoing reports that Facebook knows that Instagram can cause destructive and lasting harms to many teens and children, especially to their mental health and wellbeing,” he said in the October letter. “Those parents, and the twenty million teens that use your app, have a right to know the truth about the safety of Instagram.”
Blumenthal has vowed to approve new online child safety regulations through legislation in light of these recent reports. The committee has already introduced bills that would place new limits on the design of platforms and types of content targeted to children under the age of 16. Sen. Josh Hawley (R-MO) has also put out a bill that would allow parents to sue tech companies that are proven to have caused bodily or mental injuries to kids.

On Wednesday, Virgin Galactic announced its first sweepstakes winner that the space tourism company is sending to space. The winner, Keisha S. (her last name is being withheld by the company), is a health coach from Antigua and Barbuda. She will be the first person from the Caribbean islands to visit space and hopes to bring her daughter, who studies astrophysics, on the spacecraft with her as her guest.
“I’ve always had a lifelong love of flying and a fascination with space.”
“I’ve always had a lifelong love of flying and a fascination with space,” Keisha said in a press release. “This is truly a dream come true for me.” 
The sweepstakes was done in partnership with Omaze, a fundraising company, and Space for Humanity, a nonprofit that wants to ensure an inclusive future in space. 
Virgin Galactic announced its plan to raffle two seats on its spacecraft in July following a successful launch and return of its Unity 22 mission that sent Virgin Galactic founder Richard Branson to space. More than a hundred thousand people donated to the sweepstakes, which drew in a projected $1.7 million in eight weeks following its kick-off in July, according to Virgin Galactic. Proceeds will benefit Space for Humanity and its Citizen Astronaut Program. 


    Related
  
Virgin Galactic successfully sends Richard Branson to the edge of space

2021 saw the beginning of a new era of private and civilian space missions. The first batch of civilians has been notable for their extreme wealth, including Amazon founder Jeff Bezos and Virgin Galactic’s Branson. Many more private individuals are shelling out hundreds of thousands to millions of dollars to reserve a seat on a future flight. 
But companies and wealthy space tourists have also been making efforts to bring along those who can’t afford the trips on their own. In September, SpaceX’s Inspiration4 space flight included billionaire funder Jared Isaacman and three other individuals, who Issacman bought tickets for.

In addition to winning a ticket to space, Keisha also won a tour of Spaceport America in New Mexico. There is no word yet on when her trip will take place. 


    Related
  
WHEN YOUR NEXT DOOR NEIGHBOR IS A GLITTERING SPACEPORT




I am a big fan of Ring Alarm. Mainly because the inexpensive, easy-to-use security system is an excellent smart home hub in disguise. Since the first generation of the product launched in 2018, it’s been packed with useful smart home radios, including Bluetooth, RF, cellular, Zigbee, and Z-Wave, some of which are capable of connecting to a nice selection of smart home and security devices. 
I also admire Ring Alarm for leading the charge in disrupting the tired, expensive home security industry, thanks to its rock bottom prices, good hardware, and lack of long-term contracts. So, I’ve been watching the evolution of this product with interest over the last few years, waiting for the moment Ring finally united its smart home and home security offerings in this powerful piece of tech. 
With the Ring Alarm Pro ($249 for the base station, $299 for a starter kit) the company has done just that. This is the ultimate smart home hub: in addition to the security capabilities of the previous model, there’s now a built-in Eero mesh router for better Wi-Fi in your home, an LTE radio for whole-home internet backup, USB type-C connections for external battery backup, a Ring Lighting bridge to connect your smart lighting, and a microSD card slot for local storage and processing of video. But they still haven’t turned on that Zigbee radio. 
The Ring Alarm Pro is the next level of smart home security, a near-perfect marriage of everything you need to set up a smart home and then some, all for under $300. But it has one significant flaw that means if you already have a substantial smart home setup, you’ll want to give it a pass.






Our review of 
Ring Alarm Pro


Verge Score
8 out of 10






Good Stuff

Well-designed, easy-to-use security system
Built-in mesh Wi-Fi router
Local storage for video from Ring cameras
Whole-home internet backup
Excellent integration with Amazon Alexa



Bad Stuff

Not ‘pro’ enough
Add-ons add up
No 24/7 video recording
Local storage is behind a paywall
Not compatible with Google Home, HomeKit, IFTTT




Buy for $299.00 from Best Buy
Buy for $299.00 from Amazon



It makes a lot of sense for Amazon to marry its leading smart security hardware brand with its excellent consumer-level mesh Wi-Fi company. The chief complaint I hear about Ring is the poor connectivity of its cameras and video doorbells — something often solved by adding better Wi-Fi in the home. The inclusion of an Eero 6 router makes the Ring Alarm an excellent solution for homeowners who want a security system with cameras and are still using their ISP-supplied combined router and modem. 
If you already have a capable mesh Wi-Fi setup and a substantial number of smart home devices — this is not the hub for you. That’s mainly because the Ring Alarm Pro has to be the gateway device for your home Wi-Fi, and for some setups (including my own), the included Eero 6 dual-band router is just not powerful enough. 
This means I have to forgo local storage of Ring videos, 24/7 whole-home internet backup, and 30-plus hours of continuous power to keep my cameras, security system, heck, even Netflix online when the power goes out. This makes me sad, as I want all these things. If only Ring had put an Eero Pro 6 router in the Ring Alarm Pro (it’s even in the name!), this would have been the perfect device, albeit a significantly more expensive one.
 









The Ring Alarm Pro has the option of a Power Pack (bottom left) that provides an additional 8 hours of battery back-up.



But instead, the Ring Alarm Pro is slightly less than pro. The Eero 6, which is capable of speeds up to 900Mbps over 1,500 square feet, is just fine for most people, but if you have gigabit internet service or a significant number of devices on your network — based on my experience, anything over 50 — it’s not going to be able to handle them. This seems like poor planning on Ring’s part, as surely the idea is to get people to buy more Ring and Ring-compatible devices.
Ring also opted not to include Thread in its base station, despite it being in almost every other Eero device. “We may enable Zigbee on Ring Alarm Pro in the future,” Nick Weaver, CEO of Eero, told me. “If a customer wants Zigbee Smart Home Hub or Thread support today, they can add an Eero 6 router or any Eero Pro 6 device to their network.”
I have over 100 devices connected to my network, and it needs a tri-band router like Eero’s Pro 6 to handle the traffic. While you can add an Eero Pro 6 to a Ring Alarm Pro setup — the Ring Alarm has to be the gateway device, it can’t be an extender, or you won’t get the 24/7 backup features for your whole network. 
One attempt to set up the Ring Alarm Pro blew up my aging AT&T Arris modem
After a few false starts getting my existing network of smart home devices onto the Ring Alarm Pro’s Eero network (including one attempt that blew up my aging AT&T Arris modem), I finally got running, only to find my network behaving like molasses in January. 
A call with Eero concluded that the Ring Alarm Pro wasn’t going to work for my network because I have so many devices on it. The best solution for testing the system was to put my existing Eero Pro 6 Wi-Fi mesh network back online, create a new network in the Eero app using the Ring Alarm Pro as the Gateway, and connect that to my ISP via one of the Eero Pro 6 routers’ ethernet ports. 
 









Extras you may need with your Ring Alarm Pro include an additional Eero extender ($89), a Ring Power Pack ($130) and a microSD card.



This setup went smoothly, and I easily reconnected the Ring cameras I was testing to this new network and a second Eero 6 extender to it for more coverage. The Ring Alarm sensors I had already connected to the Ring Alarm Pro also transferred over with no hiccups. Everything ran smoothly — confirming my theory that this could be the perfect smart home hub for a lot of people, just not for me. 
So, who is this for? If you have an existing Ring Alarm setup, it’s a good upgrade. You can purchase the Pro base station separately for $250 and swap out your old base station after performing a backup of your system in the Ring app. I tested this process, and it was easy and quick. You should consider this if you want to add a mesh Wi-Fi router to your home (or already have an Eero 6 running and need more coverage), are thinking about getting some outdoor Ring lighting (it doubles as a Ring lighting bridge, which costs $50), are interested in local storage for your Ring cameras, and / or want backup internet for when the internet goes down.
If you are starting a smart home from scratch and / or looking to get an alarm system and mesh Wi-Fi network, the Ring Alarm Pro eight-piece starter kit for $299.99 is a good option. You get the base station, four door / window contact sensors, a motion detector, a keypad, and a Z-Wave range extender (which extends the Z-Wave signal to reach any sensors that might be out of range of the base station). 
Ring’s security hardware is excellent — the motion sensors and door / window sensors are slimmer and more functional than those that came with the first-gen model. They are also pre-paired to the base station and have pre-affixed double-sided tape — making setup and installation a cinch. 










The Ring Alarm Pro eight-piece set comes with the base station (not pictured), four contact sensors, a motion sensor, a Z-Wave range extender and a keypad.


The keypad is simple to use, with nice, big buttons including panic buttons that will alert your emergency contacts and dispatch police, fire or medical assistance (if you have professional monitoring). It’s easy to find a good spot for it, thanks to a battery that will last up to six months and a mounting bracket that attaches to the wall or doubles as a tabletop stand.
The new Pro base station is chunkier, powered by a USB Type-C cable, and has to be hardwired to your modem, a change from the previous models that can work over Wi-Fi or wired connections. It can still be wall-mounted, but that’s not a good option if you want to use the new Ring Power Pack for longer backup, which connects via a short USB-C cable and sits under the base station. 
In my testing, all the sensors responded reasonably promptly and accurately, triggering the alarm within two to four seconds. A push alert is sent to your phone, and if you pay for professional monitoring, Ring’s service will call you first before dispatching emergency services. 
Unsurprisingly, Ring integrates very well with Amazon’s Alexa, and can be set as the default security system for Alexa Guard, which turns your Echo speakers into security sensors that can listen for the sound of glass breaking or smoke alarms going off. 

 









The motion sensor and contact sensor are small and unobtrusive, but the prominent Ring logo is annoying. 



 









The contact sensor attaches to doors and windows and can work as a trigger for Alexa Routines.



 









The Z-Wave extender plugs into an outlet to help more distant sensors communicate with the base station. It is not a Wi-Fi extender.



 









The keypad lets you arm and disarm without the app, you can add multiple keypads to the system.




Ring’s sensors can also be used as triggers for Alexa smart home Routines; you can have them turn on lights when motion is detected or make an announcement when a contact sensor opens. I set one up to say, “Your daughter is trying to sneak out,” through the Echo speaker in my bedroom if her bedroom window opens after 9PM (she’s 10, so this is actually not an issue… yet). These ran promptly, but not instantly, taking between three and five seconds to activate after the trigger.
The Home, Away, and Disarmed Modes in the Ring App make the system simple to operate, and you can tie it to Alexa Guard to have it set when you say, “Alexa, I’m leaving.” There’s an option to disarm with voice, too, using a pin code. 
If you don’t have an Echo speaker, you will have to set the alarm manually in the app, on the keypad, or turn on geofencing in the app to send you a reminder when you leave home or arrive back. Another option is to create a schedule in the app to set the alarm to turn on at night and off in the morning (or whenever you choose). 










The Ring Alarm Pro has two ethernet ports, a MicroSD card slot, and a USB type-C connector for power. To connect it to a Power Pack you use a color-coded USB Type-C cable. You need to charge the Power Pack with the base station’s cable first, as it doesn’t have its own power supply.


All of the above comes with any Ring Alarm system, but with the Pro, you also get local processing and storage of videos generated by connected Ring cameras and 24/7 internet backup. The local video storage is called Ring Edge, and you need to install a microSD card for it to work (a 64GB can hold around 47 hours of clips and you can use cards up to 512GB). 
In testing, this function worked smoothly, producing marginally quicker response times (2- to 3-second difference) when pulling up a live view or viewing recorded footage, but nothing significantly faster. The main reason to use this is if you don’t want your videos stored in the cloud. You still have to pay the monthly Ring Protect Plus fee to use Ring Edge, though, so it’s not going to save you any money (another reason for choosing cameras with local storage). Ring Edge currently works with the Ring Stickup Cam, Indoor Cam, and Ring Pro 2 doorbell.
 









You manage the Ring Alarm Pro’s extra features such as video storage, cellular data, and backup power in the Ring app (left two images). The Eero Wi-Fi network is controlled in the Eero app (right two images), where you can select which devices on your network should use Ring’s LTE backup internet.
Screenshots by Jennifer Pattison Tuohy



The Ring Alarm Pro is the only consumer device in this category to offer 24/7 internet backup. Most professionally monitored security systems, including the original Ring Alarm, have cellular and battery backup to keep the hub up if the power or internet goes out, but this extends that backup capability to devices on your network, too. You can set it up to keep things like your smart thermostat, smart speakers, and smart lights online in the event of an internet outage, for example. 
In my testing, it worked very well, switching over to LTE immediately when I disconnected the ethernet cable and serving up speeds of 18Mbps despite a weak connection to AT&T at my house (the service the Pro uses for its cellular connection). 
While it’s not fast enough to keep watching 4K video or continue playing Fortnite on my son’s Xbox, it was enough to keep the Ring cameras up and let me do some work on my laptop. You can choose in the Eero and Ring apps which devices get to take advantage of the 3GB LTE included in your monthly subscription, and you can pay for extra data at $3 per gigabyte, if necessary. Managing the Wi-Fi network is done in the Eero app; that functionality isn’t built into the Ring app.
Ring’s sensors can be used as triggers for Alexa Routines
To really get the benefits of internet backup, though, you need to buy one or more (up to four) Ring Power Packs. These each provide up to eight hours of battery backup — keeping you online if the internet and the power go out. I tested one power pack, and along with the LTE, it kept my network up for the better part of a day. I was able to pull up live views from the Ring cameras, see past footage, view a live feed on an Echo Show, and control the alarm system with no lagging, hiccups, or any issues at all. 
But the Power Packs cost $130 each, so to get the max offline uptime, you’re looking at an outlay of $770 upfront; $520 for four Power Packs, plus $250 for the Pro base station. This adds up quickly, as does the price hike for the Ring Protect plans. The previous plan that included professional monitoring was $10 a month or $100 a year, and came with Alexa Guard Plus (worth $4.99 a month), and 60 days of cloud storage for any connected Ring cameras. The new plan is now $20 a month (or $200 a year) and includes all of the above, plus LTE data for the backup internet, an Eero Secure subscription that provides ad filtering, malware protection, content filters, and parental controls, and the option to store footage from your Ring cameras locally.
Essentially, the Ring Alarm Pro costs more than twice as much as the original if you take full advantage of its extra features. It’s still an incredibly good value for what you get, especially compared to other professionally monitored security services that run $25 per month or more and don’t offer nearly as many features. You can use the Pro without a monthly subscription, but all you are really getting is a mesh Wi-Fi router and a self-monitored alarm system. 


Agree to Continue: Ring Alarm Pro
Every smart device now requires you to agree to a series of terms and conditions before you can use it — contracts that no one actually reads. It’s impossible for us to read and analyze every single one of these agreements. But we’re going to start counting exactly how many times you have to hit “agree” to use devices when we review them since these are agreements most people don’t read and definitely can’t negotiate.
In order to set up and use the Ring Alarm Pro, you need a Ring account that you create through the Ring app for Android or iOS. This involves agreeing to Ring’s terms of service and privacy policy. 
To use the Eero WiFi system, you need to agree to its terms of service and privacy policy; plus, if you activate Eero Secure there are separate terms.
Linking Eero to Amazon Alexa for smart home features and other settings also requires an Amazon account and agreeing to the Alexa privacy policy.
Final tally: four mandatory agreements and two optional agreements.





Compared to the competition, Ring still offers the best value. Wyze’s security system is cheaper upfront and for the monthly cost but has fewer features and accessories. Simplisafe is more expensive to buy and run and only works with Simplisafe’s limited number of smart devices. Only Abode offers a similar system for an equally good price, and it’s the better choice if you want integration with a platform outside of Alexa (it works with Google Home and HomeKit). It’s also a Z-Wave hub with wider compatibility than Ring’s, but it has fewer camera options and doesn’t have internet backup or local storage of videos. Abode does offer 24/7 continuous video recording, which Ring does not. 
The Ring Alarm is an excellent product that will work well for its target audience while locking them firmly into the Ring / Amazon / Eero ecosystem. While Ring does integrate with other devices (you can connect a Chamberlain smart garage door opener, a Level smart door lock, and a Honeywell Home thermostat to the Ring app, among other options), it’s a carefully curated list and actual integration is limited. There is also no compatibility with other platforms outside Alexa.
This is a good security system that makes it easy for someone to build out their smart home without being bothered about too much choice. I completely understand this approach while completely disagreeing with it. Yes, we want to make it easier and less confusing for people to use connected products in their homes. But the walled garden approach is not the right one, as it limits choice and access to features and services, which ultimately makes for a less useful smart home experience. Further compounding that problem is Ring’s hesitancy to commit to Matter support in the future, which would solve a lot of the ecosystem limitations. 
Mostly, however, I’m sad because I want to use this product, but the Ring Alarm Pro’s current approach is just not pro enough for me. 
Photography by Jennifer Pattison Tuohy / The Verge

With both Black Friday and Cyber Monday in the past, we’re still tracking the best Cyber Week deals that you can get right now on smart home gear.
Smart displays, those cousins of voice-controlled smart speakers with full touchscreen displays, are great devices for managing your smart home, displaying useful bits of information throughout the day, or even playing music or video.
Like a smart speaker, a smart display is primarily voice-controlled, so you can bark commands at it from across a room. But unlike a smart speaker, a smart display can display information such as upcoming appointments, weather, in-progress timers, the current time, a grocery list, recipes, and more without you having to utter a single command. They can also be used as a modern, cloud-connected digital photo frame, allowing you to see all of those memories you’ve captured over the years that are currently trapped on your smartphone. Some models also come with built-in cameras that can be used for video calling to other smart displays or even phones.
The best smart display has all of the capabilities of the best smart speakers, including good-sounding speakers of its own for listening to music or watching video. They are available in a variety of prices and sizes, and depending on where you want to put the display in your home, you might prefer a smaller model over one that has a larger screen and louder speakers. If you’re looking for an all-around smart display to use in your kitchen or living room, you’ll want one with a screen that’s easy to see from across the room and speakers that can fill the space with clear, pleasant sound.
There are essentially two types of smart displays available: ones that use Amazon’s Alexa assistant and ones that run on Google Assistant. Which one is better for you really depends on your needs and whether you already have a smart speaker in your home. The two platforms are more similar than they are different, but a simple way to differentiate between them is Google’s smart displays work best with Google services, such as Duo, Photos, other Nest devices, and YouTube, and Amazon’s smart displays work with Amazon services, like Prime Video, Amazon Photos, and Ring products. For most people, the best option is going to be Amazon’s Echo Show 8 or Google’s Nest Hub, depending on which virtual assistant you prefer.

Best smart displays 2021
1. Amazon Echo Show 8 (second gen) 

The best Alexa smart display


















Amazon Echo Show 8 (second gen, 2021)




                  $130
                






The Echo Show 8 is the middle-sized Alexa smart display in Amazon’s lineup. It can be used to display weather, news, calendars, grocery lists, and more, as well as for controlling smart home devices, watching streaming video, or listening to music. It also supports video calling on Zoom and Amazon’s Alexa calling service.







               $130
             

            at Amazon
           





               $130
             

            at Best Buy
           





               $130
             

            at Target
           





The Echo Show 8 is the middle child in Amazon’s lineup of Alexa-powered smart displays, and it’s the best Alexa smart display. It has a bright 8-inch touchscreen, two powerful speakers that can put out a surprising level of volume, a built-in camera with a privacy shutter, and four microphones to hear voice commands. It doesn’t take up a ton of space on a counter, mantle, or bookshelf, but it can easily be seen or controlled from across a room.
The Show 8 has access to all of the same Alexa abilities as Amazon’s Echo speakers, but it includes a number of unique things that take advantage of its built-in display. You can see timers on the screen without having to ask for them, recipes are displayed with step-by-step instructions and video tutorials, grocery lists are shown right on the screen, and the Show will cycle through upcoming calendar appointments, weather reports, and news headlines whenever it’s idle. The screen can also be used to pull up feeds from video doorbells and security cameras or to view the feed from another Echo Show in your home.
The second-generation Echo Show 8 has a 13-megapixel camera that can be used for video calls through Amazon’s Alexa calling (to phones or other Echo Show displays) or Zoom. It is able to automatically pan and crop to keep you in the frame, and it generally has good image quality. The built-in privacy shutter allows you to block the camera’s view if you don’t want to make video calls or want to use it in a bedroom.


    Related
  
Amazon Echo Show 8 (second gen) review: a little faster, a little better camera

Since the display is a full touchscreen, you can also interact with the Echo Show 8 without having to use your voice at all, including canceling timers, controlling smart home devices, or scrolling through photos stored in Amazon Photos or Facebook albums. But the Show 8 is not designed to be an iPad-like tablet, and its interactivity is limited to simple functions.
Like Echo speakers, the Show 8 can play audio and music from a variety of sources, including Spotify, Audible, Pocket Casts, Amazon Music, Apple Music, and Sirius XM. It can also play video from Amazon’s Prime Video, Hulu, and Netflix. But it doesn’t have an easy way to play YouTube video (you have to go through the device’s built-in web browser, a very clumsy process), nor does it have the ability to play HBO Max or Disney Plus. 
2. Google Nest Hub (second gen) 
The best Google Assistant smart display


















Google Nest Hub (second gen, 2021)




                  $50
                

                  $100
                

                    50% off
                  






The second-gen Nest Hub is Google’s smallest smart display, with a seven-inch touchscreen that automatically adjusts itself to the lighting in your room. What’s new in the latest version is its ability to automatically track your sleep patterns with its Soli radar chip.







               $50
             

            at Best Buy
           





               $50
             

            at Target
           





               $50
             

            at Wellbots
           





If you are fully invested in Google’s ecosystem or own a lot of Nest products already, the Google Nest Hub is the best smart display with Google Assistant.
A 7-inch smart display, the Nest Hub is a little smaller than the Echo Show 8 and fits more comfortably on a nightstand. Its best feature is a screen that automatically adjusts itself for the lighting in your room, so it almost looks like photos are printed on paper instead of being displayed on a screen. Combine that with Google Photos’ excellent automatic backups and smart albums that can automatically update the Nest Hub with new images whenever you take them, and you have perhaps the best digital photo frame experience you can get.
The latest, second-generation Nest Hub is also able to automatically track your sleep when it’s on a nightstand, making it an ideal smart alarm clock. It also lacks a camera entirely, which every other smart display in this list includes. That means you can’t use it for video calling, but it also means you don’t have to worry about a connected camera being in your most intimate of areas.


    Related
  
Google Nest Hub (2nd-gen) review: sleep on it

The Nest Hub has a single speaker, which is much less powerful and doesn’t sound nearly as good as the Echo Show 8’s dual-speaker system. The 7-inch screen is also noticeably smaller, which makes it harder to see from across a room and less comfortable to watch video on. But if you watch a lot of YouTube or are a YouTube TV customer, the Nest Hub does a much better job of displaying those services than Amazon’s options. Google also supports more video services than Amazon on its smart displays, including Disney Plus and Paramount Plus. You can also easily cast video content from a variety of apps on your phone, such as HBO Max, to the Nest Hub display, which you can’t do with an Echo Show.
Like an Echo Show, the Nest Hub can be used to control smart home devices, display upcoming appointments, step-by-step recipes, or voice-controlled timers and alarms. Google Assistant is generally better at answering random fact-based questions than Alexa, but for everyday tasks, they are very similar.
3. Amazon Echo Show 5 (second gen) 
The best Alexa smart display for a bedroom


















Amazon Echo Show 5 (2021, second-gen)




                  $45
                

                  $85
                

                    48% off
                  






Amazon’s Echo Show 5 is an ideal smart display for a nightstand. You can set alarms with Alexa using your voice, play music, control smart displays, get a weather report, and more. When the alarm goes off, you merely need to tap the top of the Echo Show 5 to snooze it.







               $45
             

            at Best Buy
           





               $45
             

            at Amazon
           





The Echo Show 5 is very similar to the Echo Show 8 but smaller. That makes it more ideal for a nightstand and the best Alexa smart display for your bedroom. It’s also the least expensive Echo Show model.
The Show 5 only has a 5.5-inch screen, which isn’t as easy to see from across the room as larger models. It also only has a single speaker, which can get quite loud, but isn’t as good as the speaker systems in the bigger Echo Show devices.


    Related
  
Amazon Echo Show 5 (second gen) review: small screen, small updates

The Echo Show 5 also doesn’t support as many video streaming services or video calling services, and its 2-megapixel built-in camera is much lower quality than the Echo Show 8 or 10’s cameras. Fortunately, it still includes the physical privacy shutter to block its view when you don’t want to use it.
Where the Echo Show 5 really shines is on a nightstand or desk. If you’re using it as a smart alarm clock, you can tap on the top to snooze the alarm. On a desk, it works well for personal audio such as podcasts or to view feeds from a security camera or video doorbell.
4. Lenovo Smart Clock 2 with Google Assistant 
The best Google smart alarm clock

















Lenovo Smart Clock 2 (with Lenovo Smart Bulb)




                $25
              

                $70
              

                  65% off
                





The Lenovo Smart Clock 2 is the smallest smart display you can buy. The latest version functions as a great night light, comes with a charging dock, and brings the full suite of Google Assistant features to your bedside.








              $25
              

at Walmart
            





If you are looking for a smart alarm clock with Google Assistant, then the best option is the tiny Lenovo Smart Clock 2. The Smart Clock 2 has a 4-inch screen, no camera, and a small footprint, making it ideal for a nightstand.
The Smart Clock is capable of showing the time, weather, calendar appointments, and Google Photos albums, just like the larger Nest Hub displays. You can interact with the screen with either voice or touch, and there are buttons on top for controlling volume and a switch on the back for muting the microphone.
In addition, the Smart Clock 2 is available with a dock that can charge your phone wirelessly, which makes it an ideal nightstand companion.


    Related
  
Lenovo Smart Clock 2 review: a good dock with an okay clock

Though you can play all the same music services (Spotify, YouTube Music, etc.) through the Smart Clock, its small speaker doesn’t sound that great and doesn’t get very loud. It works for hearing Google Assistant voice responses and an alarm, but not for extended listening.
In addition, you can tap the top of the Smart Clock to snooze an alarm, and there’s a USB port on the back that you can use to charge your phone.
5. Amazon Echo Show 10 
The best Alexa smart display for video calls


















Amazon Echo Show 10 (third-gen)




                  $250
                






Amazon’s rotating Echo Show 10 has a motor within its cylindrical base that lets its 10.1-inch display spin around to find you, so you’ll always have the screen within view. It’s the best smart display for making video calls.







               $250
             

            at Amazon
           





               $250
             

            at Best Buy
           





Amazon’s biggest and most expensive smart display is the Echo Show 10. It’s the best option if you want an Amazon display for making video calls because it has a motorized base that can actually follow you as you move around the room.
The 13-megapixel camera on the Echo Show 10 is the same as on the second-generation Echo Show 8. But its automatic crop and pan modes are supercharged by the 10’s motorized base. You can stick it in the corner of your kitchen and easily carry on a video call as you move around the room.
In addition, the motorized base makes it easy to watch video or follow a recipe as you move around since it always attempts to face you.


    Related
  
Amazon Echo Show 10 review: Alexa’s next move

The Echo Show 10 also has a louder and better-sounding speaker system than the smaller models, and it can fill a room with music easier. You can also pair smart home devices such as lightbulbs and other sensors directly to it through the built-in Zigbee radio.
6. Google Nest Hub Max 
The best Google smart display for video calls


















Google Nest Hub Max




                  $180
                

                  $230
                

                    22% off
                  






The Nest Hub Max has a 10-inch screen and integrated camera for video calls. It is Google’s largest and most complete Assistant smart display.







               $180
             

            at Best Buy
           





               $180
             

            at Wellbots
           





The 10-inch Nest Hub Max is a lot like the Nest Hub, but bigger. It also has a camera, though, which can be used for video calling through Google Duo or Zoom, or as a home security camera when you’re away.
The Max’s camera can also automatically crop and pan to keep you in frame, though it lacks the fancy motorized base found on the Echo Show 10. The camera also recognizes who is using the Max and automatically provides relevant information, and supports basic play and pause controls through hand gestures.


    Related
  
Google Nest Hub Max review: bigger screen, better sound, and a camera

The Max also has a louder, better-sounding speaker system than the smaller Nest Hub, which makes it more suitable for larger rooms. It’s probably too big to really use in a bedroom or on a nightstand — for that, you’ll want to stick with the smaller options.
7. Facebook Portal Go 
The best smart display for video calls

















Facebook Portal Go




                $150
              

                $200
              

                  25% off
                





The Facebook Portal Go is the only smart display with a built-in battery, making it easier to move around the house for video calls. But it’s not as capable for smart home actions or streaming video as Google or Amazon’s smart displays.







              $150
              

at Best Buy
            





              $149
              

at Target
            





If you want a smart display specifically for making WhatsApp or Facebook Messenger calls, then the 10-inch Facebook Portal Go is your best option. It has a 13-megapixel camera that supports automatic panning and cropping, and it can be used for video calls on Facebook Messenger, WhatsApp, Zoom, Cisco WebEx, and other services.
The best part of the Go is its built-in battery, which lets you move it wherever is most comfortable to take video calls — you don’t have to be tethered to a power outlet like with other smart displays. The battery is rated to last up to five hours for video calls, which is surely enough for most people.
The Portal Go has Alexa as well, making it an Echo Show alternative. But the Alexa integration isn’t quite as good, and it doesn’t support as many features as Amazon’s smart display. You can also use Facebook’s own voice commands for controlling the Portal.


    Related
  
Facebook’s new Portal Go is great for video calls, but not much else

You can listen to music services or watch streaming video on the Portal’s 10-inch display, but the sound quality isn’t quite as good as you get on the Echo Show 8 or 10. If Facebook support is the most important thing to you, however, the Portal Go is a good choice. Otherwise, stick with an Amazon Echo Show.



Ever since it appeared as the original Netflix streaming box, Roku has delivered internet video via box, stick, or embedded TV software. However, for Black Friday this year, Roku is releasing its cheapest device that I can remember seeing, the $15 Roku LE Streaming Player.
Buying the remote by itself costs $15
It’s a 1080p-only box that does exactly what you’d expect from a Roku player, but it will only be available from Walmart.com today and in Walmart stores on the 26th. We don’t have detailed specs, but it’s the same box Roku offered last year on Black Friday for $17, which has been selling at Walmart for $30 or so ever since as the Roku SE.


    Related
  
The best early Black Friday deals you can get right now
The best early Black Friday deals at Walmart

For Roku and Walmart, it doesn’t really matter where this box came from. Walmart gets a cheap box to promote its Black Friday sales online and in stores. Roku, meanwhile, double dips by using the attention to highlight holiday discounts on more expensive and more capable hardware in its lineup, and it inducts a few more of the users that provide, on average, $40 per month in revenue from advertising, commissions, and data.
Speaking of those discounts, the Roku Streaming Stick 4K is available for $29.99 (Amazon, Best Buy, Target) instead of the usual $49.99. The Roku Streambar is available for $79.99 (Amazon, Best Buy, Walmart), a $50 discount from its usual $129.99 price, and the same goes for a $15 Streaming Stick+ discount that brings its price to $29.99 (Amazon, Best Buy, Walmart). All of these prices are in place until December 4th.
So is there any reason for you to keep an eye out for the $15 box if you’re doing some shopping on Friday? Not really. The Roku Premiere that can handle Apple AirPlay, 4K, and HDR is available for $19.99 through Saturday (Target, Best Buy), or you could even get a Roku Express for $10 more without any hassle.
But if you also need a replacement IR remote, this Roku LE comes with the company’s latest model in the box (it doesn’t have voice control, but it swaps out the Vudu shortcut button for Apple TV Plus), and an individual remote costs $15 by itself anyway, plus you get another HDMI cable.







        Sign up for the
        
          newsletter
        
      
      Verge Deals
    
Subscribe to get the best Verge-approved tech deals of the week.






Just one more thing!
Please confirm your subscription to Verge Deals via the verification email we just sent you.




Email (required)






        By signing up, you agree to our Privacy Notice and European users agree to the data transfer policy.
        
      
Subscribe






As millions of Americans rush to take advantage of Black Friday deals this weekend, the shopping spree will add to a pollution crisis unfolding at America’s ports. For months, broken supply chains have saddled port-side neighborhoods with more pollution than they normally endure. The holiday season will make things even worse. 
The disaster is unfolding in spectacular fashion in Southern California, home to the busiest port complex in the western hemisphere (which includes the ports of Los Angeles and Long Beach). Here, cargo ships have piled up offshore as the pandemic wreaks havoc on global supply chains. The traffic jam extends to inland distribution hubs that attract trucks, trains, and planes shuttling goods from warehouses to consumers’ doorsteps. 
The disaster is unfolding in spectacular fashion in Southern California
That all has consequences for people’s health. “We need these things off these ships, I understand that,” says Afif El-Hasan, a pediatrician and national spokesperson for the American Lung Association. “But it’s going to hurt the people around the [areas] these goods come through.” 
There are a lot of factors that wrecked global supply chains, but in short, there was a mismatch in supply and demand. The pandemic shuttered factories. Meanwhile, people started shopping more for home improvement projects and new hobbies they picked up during pandemic-induced lockdowns. In the US, the container ships ferrying those goods from Asia started piling up at ports. During the first three quarters of this year, the movement of containers in and out of the ports of Los Angeles and Long Beach was nearly 30 percent higher than during the same time period in 2019. By November, container ships were parking outside the Port of Los Angeles for an average of 17 days — more than twice as long as they were towards the start of the year. That has literally led to tons more air pollution in the region because the ships run their auxiliary engines while idling offshore.
By early fall, those problems were compounded by retailers’ rush to haul in goods for the holidays. Each day in October, container ships at the ports of Los Angeles and Long Beach cumulatively pumped out 50 tons of nitrogen oxides a day — compared with 30 tons before the pandemic, according to estimates by the regulatory agency California Air Resources Board (CARB). Nitrogen oxides are poisonous gases that can do damage to the lungs on their own and that react with volatile organic compounds in the air to produce smog. 
Container ships were also responsible for a half-ton more particle pollution per day in October relative to average pre-pandemic levels. That’s about as much particulate matter as 100 thousand diesel trucks would produce, according to CARB. Particulate matter, which can include soot, smoke, or other particles, can harm the heart and lungs and has been tied to health risks that can lead to premature death. 
Globally, air pollution from maritime shipping has been linked to 60,000 premature deaths in a single year. Congestion at the ports of Los Angeles and Long Beach in 2021 is enough to potentially trigger an additional 30 premature deaths from cardiopulmonary problems, Michael Benjamin, chief of the Division of Air Quality, Planning and Science at CARB, tells The Verge.
Pollution travels inland
Just like the cars, game consoles, clothing, and other goods that come off the ships, pollution travels inland. In Southern California, it blows downwind from ships and gets trapped in two connected bowls in the local geography. Those include a dip in the landscape surrounding the ports, which quickly transitions to bustling cities like Long Beach and San Pedro. The Port of Long Beach is nestled right next to the city’s West Side — which has historically been home to immigrant and refugee enclaves, including Latinx, Southeast Asian, and Pacific Islander communities. Long Beach and Los Angeles, together, top the American Lung Association’s 2021 list of most smog-polluted cities.
Winds also blow into the nearby “Inland Empire,” which sits in another topographic bowl that traps the ports’ air pollution. It’s an area encompassing San Bernardino and Riverside Counties — two counties consistently ranked with the worst smog in the US by the American Lung Association. While the region was initially considered an empire of orange groves in the early 1900s, today, it’s more like an empire of warehouses. Online shopping, which became even more popular during the pandemic, has fueled the explosive growth of warehouses for retailers, including Amazon, the region’s biggest private-sector employer. 












Visual of warehouse development around the San Bernardino airport from 2005 (Left) to 2018 (Right). The Center for Community Action and Environmental Justice has a more interactive map of the warehouses surrounding the airport.
Images: CCAEJ / ESRI



The supply chain problems have only worsened a chronic pollution crisis for these communities. Census tracts in California with warehouses have significantly worse air pollution compared to similar areas without warehouses, according to research that’s under review for publication by Priyanka deSouza, an assistant professor of urban and regional planning at the University of Colorado Denver. Most of that pollution comes from diesel trucks. Coinciding with the recent congestion at the ports, CARB also estimates an uptick in truck emissions this year — on top of the additional ship pollution wafting over.
The holiday shopping season could exacerbate the pollution even further. “This is a time when warehouses are really flooded,” says Joaquin Castillejos, a community organizer for the nonprofit Center for Community Action and Environmental Justice (CCAEJ) who lives in Bloomington, an unincorporated community in San Bernardino County. “Workers work to their limit because they’re trying to move merchandise as fast as possible for the holidays.”
Before he got the job at CCAEJ, Castillejos worked in a warehouse that distributed Adidas shoes. While he’s not exposed to the same pollution now as he was when he worked at a warehouse, Castillejos is now worried about pollution from a new industrial warehouse and office complex proposed to be built about two blocks from his home. Bloomington, a majority-Hispanic community, already has a higher burden of smog and fine particulate pollution than 95 percent of census tracts in the nation.
“Warehouses are really flooded”
“[The Inland Empire] is one of the biggest warehouse hotspots in the country, and it’s getting worse [because] more and more warehouses are being built there,” says deSouza. There’s been even more demand for warehouse space during the pandemic as retailers look for more places to store excess inventory in order to fulfill consumers’ expectations for fast delivery despite kinks in the supply chain. The worsening pollution crisis at warehouses, deSouza says, underscores the need to electrify trucks.
El-Hasan, the pediatrician with the American Lung Association, is worried about the disproportionate toll that port and warehouse pollution is taking on the most vulnerable — especially during a pandemic of a coronavirus that preys on the lungs. Lower-income households near warehouses and ports are often more likely to walk or bike to get around or keep windows open because they lack air conditioning, which he says could expose them to more air pollution. 
Hold-ups at overseas factories and domestic ports have started to ease up some in the past few weeks, but supply chain woes are expected to persist well into 2022. In a catch-22, even efforts to ease those backlogs could be bad news for people living with port pollution. In mid-October, the Biden Administration moved to keep the Ports of Los Angeles and Long Beach open 24/7, alarming El-Hasan. 
“So we don’t even get any lulls in the pollution,” he says. “There’s just going to be pollution there, nonstop, day and night, all the time.”

Samsung has released a new camera app in beta that lets you use Pro Mode across all four of the Galaxy S21 Ultra’s rear cameras. That means it’s supported on both telephoto cameras, rather than being limited to just its main and ultrawide sensors. The new Expert RAW app has been released in the South Korean Galaxy Store, but tipster FrontTron has an APK available to download if you’d like to sideload it. It only seems to be available for the S21 Ultra for now, on devices running Android 12.
The new app overcomes a limitation of the Galaxy S21 Ultra, which is that its stock camera’s Pro Mode is only available with two out of its four rear cameras (aka the 108-megapixel main camera and 12-megapixel ultrawide, but not the 10-megapixel 10x telephoto or 3x telephoto). Pro Mode is an advanced feature in the camera app that gives you manual control over shooting elements like ISO and shutter speed and lets you shoot in RAW.


Galaxy Expert RAW APK: https://t.co/RO8DXM0AWXLightroom Profile:https://t.co/Nxq7ae4NF5Supported in S21U running Android 12 or above.Linear DNG 16bit raw, Lossless JPEG, HDR, ISO, Shutter-Speed, EV, Manual Focus, White Balance, Histogram, UW, Wide, Tele(3x), Tele(10x) lens pic.twitter.com/6VSuDQo9tE— Tron ❂ (@FrontTron) November 24, 2021



The app’s announcement post says the Expert RAW app can shoot in lossless JPEG and 16-bit Linear DNG RAW formats. GSMArena reports both produce images that benefit from multi-frame HDR processing, but that the latter offers the flexibility you get when editing a RAW image file. Just be sure to use an app like Lightroom to edit the DNG file because regular photo apps like Google Photos will strip out its HDR and other post-processing.
We’ve contacted Samsung for more information about the app, including when it might be made available for the S21 and S21 Plus or whether its features might eventually make their way into the stock Samsung app.

Game and social platform Roblox has sued a YouTube creator it banned from the platform over harassment and sexual content, saying he amassed a “mob” that temporarily shut down its October developers conference. The Roblox Corporation filed a complaint against Benjamin Robert Simon, also known as Ruben Sim, for breaching its user contract and violating anti-hacking laws. “Defendant Simon is the leader of a ‘cybermob’ that with malice, fraud, and oppression, commits and encourages unlawful acts designed to injure Roblox and its users,” the suit claims, seeking $1.65 million in damages.
Polygon initially reported the existence of the California lawsuit this morning. In it, Roblox says it banned Simon for attempting to upload a near-nude picture of himself, images of Adolf Hitler, and a “sex game” that’s forbidden on the kid-focused platform. Simon also allegedly harassed other members of the platform, used racial and homophobic slurs, and impersonated Roblox employees online, among other behavior.
After the ban, the suit says he continued accessing Roblox using fake accounts, evading bans on his hardware and IP addresses and encouraging his roughly 760,000 YouTube followers to do the same. (Roblox refers to this as “hacking into” the platform.)
Police searched the conference for a fictitious ‘Islamic Extremist’
The worst damage allegedly came during the Roblox Developers Conference in October of 2021. In the leadup to the conference, the suit says Simon “engaged his followers on Discord, glamorizing the April 3, 2018 active shooter and murder at YouTube headquarters in San Bruno, California, and threatening / taunting a copycat act of terrorism at Roblox headquarters,” telling followers to “wait until [someone] does it to Roblox.” Then, during the conference, he tweeted that local police were searching for a fictitious “notorious Islamic Extremist” and that the extremist had posted a video titled “Someone Blow Up Roblox Now!” Meanwhile, his followers allegedly posted false active shooting threats and claimed to have poisoned the conference’s drinks.
Roblox says the conference was temporarily locked down while police and private security searched the facility, and it incurred $50,000 in expenses securing the event and investigating the incident. It alleges that Simon committed fraud by falsely representing the existence of a terrorist threat and trying to scare users away from the event.

As wonderful as the new Pixel 6 and Pixel 6 Pro are, their smooth glass backs are extremely slippery, as Dan Seifert mentioned in his review. And the official Google frosted recycled plastic cases are not great solutions, thanks to their cheap feel and still slippery finish. So, where does that leave you, the new owner of Google’s flagship phone? You can’t just leave your pristine new phone naked. That’s why we’ve rounded up some third-party cases that befit the Pixel’s unique design, whether you’re looking for a case for yourself or gifting a case to a new Pixel 6 owner. Just be aware that cases may be out of stock or slow to ship, so you’ll need a lot of luck and patience to find your ideal case this holiday season.

















Ringke Fusion Matte Case for Pixel 6




                $12
              





Want a clear case for your Pixel 6 or Pixel 6 Pro (also available), but without the shinny surface that is a fingerprint magnet? The Ringke Fusion Matte case’s matte finish is “anti-fingerprints” and resists against oily smudges. It has raised edges all around the case to minimize surface contact with your Google phone, as well as a built-in hole for a hand strap for added security (strap not included). 







              $12
              

at Ringke
            





              $13
              

at Amazon
            






















Ghostek Covert Clear Protective Case for Pixel 6




                $15
              





Sure, this Ghostek case might add some bulk to your phone’s corners and sides, but you will appreciate its shock-absorbing abilities if you ever drop your precious Pixel 6.  This case is compatible with Qi wireless charging and is available in pink, clear and translucent gray.







              $15
              

at Ghostek
            





              $15
              

at Amazon
            






















PHNX Pixel 6 MNML Case




                $13
              

                $25
              

                  48% off
                





Looking for a frosted case that is even slimmer than Google’s official Pixel 6 case? Then this 0.35mm thin minimalist case from PHNX is for you. The MNML is a lightweight case that supports wireless charging and offers raised edges to prevent scratches to the camera lenses. Pixel 6 Pro case is also available; case comes in Frosted White, Frosted Black and Matte Black. 







              $13
              

at PHNX
            






















Aorstke for Google Pixel 6 Case 




                $12
              





For an ultra slim case for the Pixel 6, you can’t do much better than this Aorstke minimalist case. Made from hard PC material, it brings grip to your phone without adding bulk; raised edges around your camera bar and screen prevent your screen and camera lenses from getting scratched. It comes in black, pink, green and blue, and is also available for the Pixel 6 Pro.








              $12
              

at Amazon
            






















Rhinoshield SolidSuit Case for Pixel 6




                $34
              

                $40
              

                  16% off
                





The SolidSuit is a 3mm slim case that protects your Pixel 6 from significant drops — the company claims it is effective from as high as an 11-foot drop (MIL-STD 810G). Best of all, Rhinoshield has many collaborations with other brands like Snoopy and the NBA and even allows you to print your own custom design on a SolidSuit. Also available for Pixel 6 Pro.







              $34
              

at Rhinoshield
            






















Spigen Ultra Hybrid Case for Pixel 6




                $30
              





Want to see your phone’s unique colorway without sacrificing protection on all sides? This Ultra Hybrid case from Spigen does it all. It wraps the sides of the phone and the camera bar in shock-absorbing material, while its clear center layer is protective without adding bulk to your phone. Also available for Pixel 6 Pro.







              $30
              

at Spigen
            





              $18
              

at Amazon
            






















Bellroy leather case for Pixel 6




                $49
              





In collaboration with Google, Bellroy has designed a series of slim-fitting, eco-tanned leather cases for the Pixel 6 and the Pixel 6 Pro. Each case has a soft microfiber lining and is compatible with Qi wireless charging. It’s available in new colors like Sea Mist (Pixel 6) and Biscotti (Pixel 6 Pro). 







              $49
              

at Bellroy
            





              $49
              

at Google Store
            






















Kerf Case for Pixel 6




                $69
              





Each Kerf case is made-to-order using reclaimed wood from a Pittsburgh furniture maker. You can choose the type of wood to be used in your case, as well as submit a custom image and or message to be laser-etched onto the product (pricing varies). Every case has an Ultra Suede lining that wraps around the phone for extra protection and is compatible with Qi wireless charging. 







              $69
              

at Kerf Case
            






















Spigen Pixel 6 Case Slim Armor CS 




                $40
              





If you prefer to carry cash or a couple of your most important cards with your phone, then this the Spigen case might be for you. The case itself adds corner and side protection to your Pixel 6, while the back slides open to give you access to your two IDs and or bills. This case comes in all black, or a combination of rose gold and black, and is also available for the Pixel 6 Pro.








              $40
              

at Spigen
            





              $18
              

at Amazon
            






















Otterbox Symmetry Clear Antimicrobial Case (Pixel 6)




                $50
              





Show off your Pixel 6’s two-toned look with this clear yet protective case from Otterbox (also available in Stardust 2.0). This way, your phone will be protected against 3x drops (MIL-STD-810G 516.6), as well as microbial growth. This case features raised edges to prevent your screen and camera from resting directly on surfaces and is compatible with Qi wireless charging. Available for the Pixel 6 Pro.







              $50
              

at Otterbox
            





              $50
              

at Verizon
            






















dbrand Pixel 6 Skins & Wraps




                $21
              





If you really don’t want to put a case around your Pixel 6, but still want to add some grip and protection against everyday bumps and scratches, you can wrap your phone in dbrand adhesive skins. You get to customize every single piece that goes onto your phone — down to the material and color of each strip (including wood or leather finishes) — and only pay for the piece(s) you want (pricing varies). Also available for the Pixel 6 Pro.







              $21
              

at dbrand
            









Back in February 2020, we ran an article explaining how to use the handy call screening functionality that Google had introduced for its Pixel phones. Screen Call, Google’s screening app, allows you to screen calls for numbers you don’t recognize (or people you don’t particularly want to talk to). 
Nearly two years later, and with Android 12, the company has added some useful features that can not only save you from having to deal with spam calls but can keep you from having to deal with the tedious and frustrating process of working through call menus. And some of them are available even if you don’t have a Pixel.
How does call screening work? When you get a phone call from someone who is not in your contact list, you get a “Screen call” button (along with buttons for accepting or denying the call). If you hit “Screen call,” the caller will get an audio message asking them to say who they are and why they’re calling. The transcribed text of the message and their reply will appear on your screen. You can then choose whether you want to pick up the call or not. 
Unfortunately, as we all know, there can be vast differences between Android phones, depending on the manufacturer and the model. As a result, one of the newest features available — automatic call screening — can currently only be found on the Pixel 6 and Pixel 6 Pro. 
So this article offers separate directions on how to use Google’s call screening feature for a Pixel 6 or 6 Plus and for other phones that may currently be using Android 12. We used a Pixel 3 for the latter. However, if you have, say, a Samsung phone, you can access some of these features by downloading the Google Phone app from the Play Store, and you will probably find these directions work for you as well.

 









If you don’t recognize the caller, select the “Screen call” button.



 









Your caller’s answer will appear on your screen, and you can choose to accept the call or hang up.




It’s not difficult to manage how Screen Call works. Here’s how you can adjust your settings, depending on whether you are using a Pixel 6 model or not.
Pixel 6 and 6 Pro

In the Phone app, tap the three dots in the upper right corner
Go to Settings > Spam and Call Screen

You will first see two controls that you can toggle on and off: “See caller and spam ID” (which has the phone identify business and spam numbers, as well as known contacts) and “Verified Calls” (which lets you see the call ID for businesses that are verified as legit).

 









Tap on “Spam and Call Screen.”



 









You can toggle on controls to identify business numbers.




For all other controls, tap on “Call Screen.” This is where you can decide what you want to do with calls that fall into one of several categories: spam, possibly faked numbers, first-time callers, or hidden numbers. In all cases, you have two choices: you can choose to have the phone ring and then manually decide whether you want to screen the call or not, or you can let Google automatically screen the call and decline it if it’s a robocall. The only exception is spam calls, which you can also choose to silently decline so that your phone won’t ring at all.

 









On a Pixel 6 or 6 Pro, you’ll be able to get certain calls automatically screened.



 









Tap on a category, such as Spam, to have it automatically screened.




You have to set each of these categories separately: tap on the category name and select how you’d like those calls to be handled. The default is to ring the phone and let you decide manually whether you’d like to screen the call, so if that’s your choice, you can just leave things as they are. And one thing to be aware of: according to Google, automatic screening won’t work if you’re using headphones or speakers.
There are two other features you can enable in Call Screen. You can save the audio from any calls that are screened. You can also have either a female-sounding or male-sounding voice answer the screened call; the default is female, so if you want to change it, tape on “Voice.” 
Older Pixels and other phones
If you aren’t using a Pixel 6 or 6 Plus, you will still be offered the chance to screen a call each time the number is not in your Contacts list (although you won’t have access to the automatic screening available in the Pixel 6 line). You can manage the settings for call screening here:

In the Phone app, tap the three dots in the upper right corner
Go to Settings > Caller ID & spam


 









On many other Android phones, you can find the screening settings under “Caller ID & spam.”



 









You can choose to filter suspected spam calls so you won’t have to deal with them.




You will have access to three controls that you can toggle on and off: “See caller and spam ID” (which lets you identify business and spam numbers, as well as known contacts), Filter spam calls (to prevent suspect spam calls from ringing your phone), and Verified Calls (which lets you see the call ID for businesses that are verified as legit).
Whether you have access to automatic screening or just manual screening, it’s inarguable that being able to screen unknown phone numbers can help us to avoid having to deal directly with annoying and / or scamming calls.




Fortnite’s next big in-game event won’t just mark the end of the latest season — it’ll also draw chapter 2 to a close as well. Called, appropriately, “The End,” the one-time-only event will take place on December 4th at 4PM ET. Developer Epic describes it as “one last stand for the fate of the island,” suggesting that players will soon be playing on a brand-new map.
Fortnite’s last chapter-ending event was arguably its most ambitious, when a black hole destroyed the battle royale’s original island, taking the game offline for several days before chapter 2 emerged. There are no hints as to what chapter 3 might look like when it debuts in early December.












“It was an opportunity to almost create a new medium.” — Donald Mustard on Fortnite’s narrative ambitions



This season has been building towards some kind of cataclysmic event from the beginning. Initially, the map was overrun with mysterious cubes, which slowly converged on the center of the island, eventually forming a pyramid housing a strange figure known as the Cube Queen who floated in the air like the Eye of Sauron. The season — which was preceded by an explosive alien invasion — was also an eventful one in terms of collaborations, including the likes of Dune, Naruto, League of Legends, and even Balenciaga.
“The End” event will support squads of up to 16 players, and, as always, Epic suggests players get in at least 30 minutes early to guarantee a spot.

There’s nothing quite like a global pandemic to remind you how true that old cliché is: at the end of the day, health really is wealth. During these past two years, however, emotional wellness has become just as important as physical health, making gifts that focus on our mental wellbeing just as meaningful as those that impact our physical one. Luckily, our gift guide features a range of ideas that should appeal to both, many of which were solicited directly from the rest of The Verge staff.
Below, you’ll find an under-desk elliptical for the friend who finds making time to go to the gym challenging, as well as the latest Apple Watch and a pair of sunglasses that let you ditch your earbuds at home. We’ve also included gift cards for popular therapy and meditation services — perfect for loved ones looking for ways to destress during the holidays — along with gifts that should also work well with any budget. Take a look and see what great stuff you can get to help your family and friends stay healthy and happy.


    Related
  
The Verge Holiday Gift Guide 2021
The Verge’s 2021 Holiday Gift Guide for Creators
The Verge’s 2021 Home Tech Holiday Gift Guide
The Verge’s 2021 Gift Guide for Moms
The Verge’s 2021 Gaming and Entertainment Gift Guide
The Verge’s 2021 Gift Guide for Kids
The Verge’s Favorite Holiday Gifts Under $50
The Verge’s Favorite Holiday Gifts Under $25
The Verge’s 2021 Holiday Gift Guide for Dads
The Verge’s 2021 Holiday Gift Guide for Working From Home





Price Range


              Under $20
            

              $20 to $50
            

              $50 to $150
            

              $150 to $400
            

              $400+
            










        
          On Failure journal
        
        
Journaling has great mental health benefits, making a notebook an excellent gift. This particular one stands out because of its vibrant design and the quote on its cover, which reframes failure as a merely lesson to be learned. It’s an encouraging, practical gift for anybody you know who is about to start working on a new goal or is going through a rough patch. 
Price: $14
Em & Friends







        
          TriggerPoint Grid Foam Roller
        
        
With TriggerPoint’s Grid Foam Roller, you can give your muscles a deep tissue massage, helping them recover after a strenuous workout. It’s designed to specifically target muscles in your upper and lower back, upper and lower legs, and hips. You can also choose from a variety of subtle and vibrant colors, including pink, orange, black, and mint. 
Price: $30

Amazon
Target
REI







Ring Fit Adventure

Ring Fit Adventure for the Nintendo Switch is a fun way to get some exercise in, combining a workout with an exciting adventure game that will have you doing everything from jogging to yoga.Price: $59
Amazon
Walmart
Best Buy







        
          Apple Watch Series 7
        
        
Loved ones who are trying to keep tabs on their health will appreciate receiving the best smartwatch on the market. The latest Apple wearable also features a larger display, faster charging, and IP6X dust resistance. The screen even comes with a new miniature keyboard, and the watch itself comes in a wide variety of colors and configurations starting at $399. 
Price: $399+
Amazon
Apple
Target







        
          Luna weighted blanket
        
        
Weighted blankets aren’t just cozy — they're great presents that can help alleviate stress while keeping your loved ones warm. These cotton blankets from Luna come in a variety of colors, ranging from light grey to lavender. Just keep in mind that, depending on which size you buy, the cotton blankets can weigh anywhere between five and 15 pounds.  
Price: $70 to $94
Amazon
Luna







        
          VanMoof S3 electric bike
        
        
VanMoof's latest, pedal-assisted e-bike is both better and cheaper than prior models, and it sports a sleek and elevated design that doesn't scream "e-bike" at first glance. It can also hit a top speed of 20 miles per hour with its four-speed electronic gear shifter, helping make it one of the best e-bikes you can buy. 
Price: $2,298
Vanmoof







One Zentangle A Day 

Your giftee can embrace mindfulness and your creativity with this introductory guide to Zentangle, a meditative self-help art therapy practice. Instructor and artist Beckah Krahula's book is divided into six chapters, each containing seven daily exercises and projects designed to guide you through drawing beautiful designs and various patterns.  
Price: $13
Amazon
Walmart







        
          Sunny Health and Fitness Elliptical 
        
        
Your loved ones can work out while working with this compact, under-desk elliptical. It’s perfect for those who don’t have the time to visit the gym, with eight levels of resitance and handles for transporting it from room to room. It also ships fully assembled and comes in two colors: gray and pink. 
Price: $125 to $140
Amazon
Walmart
Kohls







        
          On Hoodie
        
        
Combining comfort and performance, this hoodie is perfect for warming up, cooling down, or simply relaxing in style. This hoodie is made from a technical mix of recycled fabrics, giving a high-performance and effortlessly cozy fit and feel. The all-new lace guards hold the drawstring laces in place, allowing you to move or relax without distraction. 
Price: $150
On Running (Women's)
On Running (Men's)







        
          Manduka eKO SuperLite Yoga Travel Mat (71-inch)
        
        
Beginners and yoga enthusiasts alike will appreciate Manduka's travel-friendly yoga mat. While it may not be as comfy as loftier pads, the eKO SuperLite is built to be lightweight and portable, weighing just two pounds and measuring a mere 1.5 millimeters thick. The natural rubber mat is also available in either blue or purple or in 79-inch configuration for an extra $5. 
Price: $45
Amazon
Manduka 







        
          Samsung Galaxy Watch 4
        
        
If your loved one is deeply embedded in the Samsung ecosystem, the Galaxy Watch 4 is the smartwatch to get. Built upon Google’s new Wear OS 3 platform, the attractive wearable offers improved third-party app support, a responsive interface, and an array of advanced sensors, allowing it to support 95 different kinds of workout tracking. 
Price: $250
Amazon
Walmart
Best Buy







        
          Brita Water Bottle
        
        
Those who are living in areas where it’s unhealthy to drink tap water — or are just environmentally friendly — may appreciate this gift. Much like its pitchers, Brita's stainless-steel water bottles filter out contaminants, making it easy to meet your daily water intake and ditch single-use bottles. The 20oz container also features double-walled insulation, helping keep your water cool for a full 24 hours. 
Price: $16 to $40
Amazon
Brita
Target







        
          Peloton subscription
        
        
Even if you don’t own a Peloton bike or treadmill, the company still offers thousands of streamable fitness classes for $13 a month. Each falls under one of 10 different workout types, ranging from strength training and stretching to meditation and dance. 
Price: $13
Peloton







        
          Bose Frames Tempo
        
        
The Bose Frames Tempo aren't the most attractive pair of sunglasses, but what they lack in style they make up for in convenience. The Bluetooth-equipped, USB-C shades feature speakers built directly into the frame, which allows you to kick out the jams on your hike while simultaneously staying in tune with the world around you. 
Price: $219
Amazon
Walmart
Best Buy







        
          Calm gift card
        
        
Calm is a popular app designed for better sleep and meditation. Each gift card grants you a year of Calm Premium, providing unlimited access to the app’s content library, where you'll be able to enjoy guided meditations covering sleep, stress, gratitude, and other topics, as well as ambient music and masterclasses with mindfulness experts. 
Price: $70
Calm







        
          Theragun Mini
        
        
The Theragun Mini is a powerful yet quiet massager that offers relief for your muscles wherever you go, given it’s small enough to carry around. It comes in two colors — black and red — and is a great gift for those who are either very active or simply in need of some R&R. 
Price: $175
Amazon
Target
Best Buy







        
          Talkspace gift card
        
        
For many, therapy is a pathway to self improvement that can prove invaluable. A Talkspace gift card makes it possible for your loved ones to get the help they may need, albeit remotely, either through live video sessions with a licensed therapist or via unlimited messaging. 
Price: $79+
Talkspace







        
          Peloton Exercise Bike
        
        
Peloton’s indoor bicycles were all the rage during the early days of the pandemic, and they remain popular for good reason. The Peloton Bike offers an intense cardio workout from the comfort of your home, where you can access both live and on-demand classes on a 22-inch, Wi-Fi-enabled touchscreen. These classes also come with opportunities to compete with others, making it a fun fitness gift for those willing to splurge. 
Price: $1,495
Peloton







Atomic Habits

Author and public speaker James Clear is an expert on habit formation. His bestselling book, Atomic Habits, offers simple strategies based on ideas from biology, psychology, and neuroscience to form and break habits, whether you want to lose weight, quit smoking, wake up earlier, meditate, or change any other habit in your life.Price: $12 to $24
Amazon
Target
Bookshop.org







        
          AeroGarden Harvest Elite
        
        
The AeroGarden Harvest Elite offers a fun and easy way to grow your own vegetables and herbs indoors. The hydroponics system is also a great introduction to gardening, a relaxing hobby that supports a healthy lifestyle. Each LED-equipped AeroGarden is simple to maintain and can help you grow up to six plants at a time, with added perks like a “vacation mode" giving you a little piece of mind should you step away for a long weekend. 
Price: $110
Amazon
Walmart







        
          Personalized golf balls
        
        
If your loved ones are into golfing and have a sense of humor, consider gifting them a set of golf balls emblazoned with a cartoonish photo of either them, their pet, or whatever picture they’ll find meaningful. You can buy anywhere between three and 12 generic or Pro V1 balls, all available in various prices starting at $18. 
Price: $18+

Etsy







        
          Sony WF-1000XM4
        
        
When we said Sony’s WH-1000XM4 were a triumph in our review, we meant it. The noise-canceling earbuds boast excellent sound quality, long-lasting battery life, and, unlike their predecessors, IPX4 water and sweat resistance. The latter feature is particularly impactful while working out at the gym or running in the rain, two activites that could easily lead to the demise of lesser earbuds. 
Price: $248
Amazon
Target
Best Buy







        
          Champion Sports Lacrosse Balls (six-pack)
        
        
You can use this versatile set of lacrosse balls for a wide variety of activities, ranging from cross-training and lacrosse to juggling and targeted message work. The balls also come in a variety of colors, including white, blue, pink, green, and red. 
Price: $22 to $26
Amazon
Champion Sports







        
          AfterShokz Aeropex
        
        
Biking with earbuds in can be dangerous, especially if you're using a noise-canceling model designed to drown out sound. Open-ear headphones are a great solution, however, with the AfterShokz Aeropex being some of the best you can get. The bone-conduction headphones offer decent sound quality and eight hours of playback, not to mention a waterproof exterior for when your ride gets a little wet. 
Price: $130
Amazon
Best Buy
B&H Photo







        
          ClassPass gift card
        
        
A ClassPass gift card grants your giftee access to thousands of gyms, salons, spas, and fitness studios across the globe. A monthly subscription makes it easy for them to try an assortment of workout types, ranging from yoga and boxing to pilates, while also ensuring they can get take advantage of relaxation techniques like meditation and massage. 
Price: $15+
ClassPass







        
          AW Ballet Barre
        
        
This lightweight, four-foot ballet barre makes it easy to practice dancing anywhere, whether it be at home, the park, a gym, or anywhere else you feel comfortable. While ballet students will love it, it’s also a great gift for anybody trying to learn to dance and wanting to improve their posture and flexibility without hitting a dedicated studio once a week.  Price: $76

Amazon







        
          PowerBlock Sport 24 Adjustable Dumbbells
        
        
You can get your strength training in from home with these durable, adjustable dumbbells from Powerblock. The compact steel set is designed to replace eight pairs of traditional dumbbells, allowing you to add weight to each hand in three-pound increments in just a few seconds.  Price: $170

Amazon
PowerBlock






Update November 24th, 09:30AM ET: The original Indiegogo campaign was terminated (with all contributions refunded) and reinstated here. The issue, according to Elecjet, resulted from a recent change in the legal designation of the company from LLC to Corporation that unexpectedly changed its Tax ID and the campaign’s ability to process payments. Unfortunately, the delay incurred by the relaunch means that Elecjet can no longer guarantee shipment by Christmas. 

Elecjet’s new Apollo Ultra battery pack uses graphene to dramatically speed up charging. Yes, graphene, that miracle material that has long promised to change the world, allows this 10,000mAh portable battery to charge from zero to full in less than 30 minutes, about five to six times faster than a conventional power bank of the same capacity. Plug it in when you wake up and the Apollo Ultra should be fully charged by the time you leave the house.
Graphene is a highly conductive lattice of carbon only one atom thick. Pure graphene batteries are still too expensive to mass-produce, but the material can already accelerate the charging characteristics of traditional batteries when applied to an electrode in composite form. That’s the approach Elecjet is taking with its new 10,000mAh (40Wh) battery launching today on Indiegogo for $65.
In addition to a faster charge rate, Elecjet says the Apollo Ultra will last for more than 2,500 charging cycles before the battery drops below 80 percent health. That’s roughly four to five times longer than conventional lithium-ion battery packs, which would be good for both your wallet and the environment.
I can’t conceivably test the lifespan claim, but Elecjet did send me a review sample of the Apollo Ultra to validate the improved charging speed. 
In short, the Apollo Ultra charges fast — incredibly fast, just as Elecjet claims. 
Charges from zero to full in 27 minutes
The Elecjet Apollo Ultra is a lithium-polymer battery that’s been enhanced with Real Graphene USA’s proprietary battery technology. It’s fitted with two USB ports: one full-sized USB-A and one USB-C PD 3.0. The USB-C port accepts an input of up to 100W to quickly charge the battery pack. That port is then capable of 65W out, making it powerful enough to charge many USB-C laptops. It supports Samsung’s PPS fast charging tech and holds enough energy to charge a typical phone two or three times. The USB-A port is capable of 18W max output.
Fine, but it’s the battery’s charging speed that we’re all here for, and Elecjet says the Apollo Ultra will charge from zero to full in a very impressive 27 minutes when connected to a powerful 100W wall charger. 


Time lapse comparing the Elecjet Apollo Ultra charging speed with a conventional power bank of the same capacity.

My review unit repeatedly charged from zero to 99.9 percent in 27 minutes, using a 100W GaN charger (sold separately for about $50) that Elecjet supplied. It then took another 90 seconds to report 100% on the battery’s display. Elecjet says this is a minor bug, and the battery is “99.999 percent” charged at 27 minutes. The Elecjet Apollo Ultra otherwise charges linearly, reaching 25 percent in 6.5 minutes, 50 percent in 13 minutes, and 80 percent in about 21 minutes.
For comparison, I connected the same 100W charger to a 10,000mAh lithium-ion battery I recently purchased on AliExpress for about $20. It took over three hours to charge from zero to full. That supports Elecjet’s claim that the graphene-enriched Apollo Ultra charges five times faster than conventional battery packs.
I also charged the Apollo Ultra battery from my MacBook’s less powerful 29W charger. The power bank charged from zero to full in 74 minutes. That’s a lot slower, as you’d expect from the weaker charger, but still more than two times faster than the AliExpress battery connected to the 100W charger.
Things got a little odd when trying to charge two devices simultaneously off the Apollo Ultra. My MacBook reported that it was being charged at 65W when connected to the USB-C port. It then dropped to just 5W after I plugged in either an iPhone X or Oppo Find X3 Pro to charge simultaneously from the USB-A port. The Indiegogo campaign FAQ claims that the Apollo Ultra’s “output power of 87W will be divided between the two devices” so something seems awry.
The Apollo Ultra I’ve been testing warmed up only slightly in the 20 or so times I’ve fully charged and discharged it, while the slow charging lithium-ion reference battery remained cool throughout. “Warm” is commendable considering the Apollo Ultra is drawing more than five times the power, and speaks to graphene’s efficiency at dissipating heat. Elecjet tells me that the Apollo Ultra is fitted with eight safety features and that UL temperature testing never exceeded 42C (107.6F).
 









The Elecjet Apollo Ultra is slightly thicker than conventional power banks of the same capacity.
Photo by Thomas Ricker / The Verge



The Elecjet Apollo Ultra is also chubbier than my reference battery despite holding the same number of electrons. That’s due to the larger power module required to handle the higher input and output wattages. While the unit’s size won’t change for the product that ships to Indiegogo backers, Elecjet tells me that the next-gen power module should allow its future hybrids to match the size of its slower charging predecessors.


A note on crowdfunding:
Crowdfunding is a chaotic field by nature: companies looking for funding tend to make big promises. According to a study run by Kickstarter in 2015, roughly 1 in 10 “successful” products that reach their funding goals fail to actually deliver rewards. Of the ones that do deliver, delays, missed deadlines, or overpromised ideas mean that there’s often disappointment in store for those products that do get done. 
The best defense is to use your best judgment. Ask yourself: does the product look legitimate? Is the company making outlandish claims? Is there a working prototype? Does the company mention existing plans to manufacture and ship finished products? Has it completed a Kickstarter before? And remember: you’re not necessarily buying a product when you back it on a crowdfunding site.


Chinese phone makers are currently embroiled in a fast-charging race of their own. Xiaomi’s new 11T Pro has a 5,000mAh battery that charges from zero to 100 percent in just 17 minutes with its bundled 120W charger. But that battery is a dual-cell design, allowing both halves to charge simultaneously. That’s fine for $500+ phones with sophisticated chipsets that aren’t limited by the constraints of USB-C PD. Nevertheless, Elecjet matches that 17 minutes charge with its other graphene-enriched battery pack, the 5,000mAh Apollo Traveller.
That’s right — the Apollo Ultra isn’t the first graphene hybrid battery pack available to buy. In addition to Elecjet’s offerings, Chargeasap makes a number of hybrid battery packs, including a monster $299 20,000mAh battery pack that’s also laced with graphene, only with more ports, a wireless charging surface, and higher 100W output. The company says it’ll charge from zero to full in 70 minutes, which sounds about right since it holds twice the juice. 
These hybrid batteries are an impressive first step by manufacturers on the way to developing the tiny, high capacity, and eco-friendly pure graphene batteries we’ve been promised.
Until then, the Elecjet Apollo Ultra is priced at $65 on Indiegogo right now. 


Black Friday sales are in full swing, and now some popular streaming services are starting to join the party. Through November 29th, both new and returning customers who qualify for the deal can enjoy 12 months of Hulu’s ad-supported streaming service for just $1 per month. Typically $7 per month — or $84 per year — that equates to a $72 discount or about 85 percent off. While you’ll see an ad popping up every now and then with this plan, you can still access all of Hulu’s TV shows and movies on your TV, streaming box, tablet, laptop, console, and other devices. Two people are also allowed to simultaneously stream on this plan as well, and you can have up to six users profiles. 
While newcomers to Hulu shouldn’t face any obstacles in signing up for the deal, returning customers can only reap the savings if they haven’t been a Hulu subscriber within the past month.

















Hulu subscription (12-months, ad-supported)




                $1
              

                $7
              

                  86% off
                





You can get 12 months of Hulu’s ad-supported service for just $1 per month and enjoy access to all Hulu’s TV shows and movies on a TV, streaming media player, tablet, laptop, console, and other devices. Two people are also allowed to stream on this plan at the same time as well.







              $1
              

at Hulu (per month)
            





Microsoft’s Surface Laptop 4 is selling for its best price yet. Right now, you can save $150 on all configurations. The specific model we liked in our review, which uses an AMD Ryzen 7 CPU paired with 16GB of RAM and a 512GB SSD, is just $1,550. Compared to its predecessor, we were particularly impressed by its improved battery life and the faster AMD CPU. Other things to like about this model are its fantastic keyboard and the 3:2 aspect ratio display. 
For more discounts on the Surface Go 2 and other laptops, check out some early Black Friday deals here. 

















Microsoft Surface Laptop 4 (2021)




                $1,550
              

                $1,700
              

                  9% off
                





The 2021 Surface Laptop 4 offers excellent performance, better chips, solid battery life, and a great 3:2 display.







              $1,550
              

at Microsoft
            





If the Surface Laptop 4 is a little out of your budget — and you’re a Costco member — you can pick up Apple’s 13.3-inch MacBook Air with an M1 processor, which is one of the best laptops around. Instead of costing $950 and up, you can get it for $800, which is the lowest price yet. This model has an eight-core Apple M1 processor, 8GB of RAM, and a 256GB SSD. In our review, we gave the laptop a 9.5/10 (one of our highest scores ever), praising the laptop’s fast performance and excellent battery life. It’s a good all-around option for many and a great pick for productivity, browsing, and even some very light gaming.

















MacBook Air with M1 (2020, 13-inch, 8GB Memory/256GB SSD, space gray) 




                $800
              

                $950
              

                  16% off
                





The MacBook Air is Apple’s entry-level laptop, which comes outfitted with the company’s new M1 chip and in one of three different colors (silver, space gray, and gold).







              $800
              

at Costco
            





Less than a day after offering Apple’s $179 third-generation AirPods for just $155, Amazon sadly sold out. Thankfully, however, Woot is now offering a similar discount, selling the newest pair of Apple’s true wireless earbuds for just $170 instead of $179. It may not be the $15 discount Amazon was offering, but it’s still one of the lowest prices we’ve seen yet on the newly released AirPods, which is our pick for one of the best wireless earbuds you can buy. Read our review.

















AirPods (2021, third-generation)




                $170
              

                $179
              

                  6% off
                





Similar in appearance to their sleeker sibling, the AirPods Pro, the latest entry-level AirPods boast a new charging case and shorter stems. They’re also water-resistant, unlike the 2019 model, and sport better battery life.







              $170
              

at Woot
            





If you’re looking for a pair of earbuds that offers solid active noise cancellation (which the newest AirPods mentioned above don’t), Sennheiser’s Momentum True Wireless 2 earbuds are a great pick with “sublime” sound. One of the few problems, though, is their usual $300 price. That’s twice as expensive as the likes of the AirPods, but at least with today’s deal, that is no longer the case. They’re selling for $197 when you pick up the black model. That’s just over a $100 discount. 

















 Sennheiser Momentum True Wireless 2 




                $197
              

                $300
              

                  35% off
                





Sennheiser’s Momentum True Wireless 2 earbuds offer sublime sound quality and satisfactory noise cancellation. 







              $197
              

at Amazon
            





Last but not least, Verge fans can enjoy 20 percent off our own merchandise at The Verge Merch Store when you use promo code VERGEBF at checkout. We recently revamped our store to commemorate our 10th anniversary, introducing everything from new shirts and hoodies to notebooks and posters, all featuring a variety of witty and creative designs. The Black Friday sale runs through 11:59PM ET on Monday, November 29th.

















Special edition Verge 10th anniversary T-shirt




                $21
              

                $26
              

                  20% off
                





Designed by artist Richard Parry. Enjoy 20 percent off when you use promo code VERGEBF at checkout.







              $21
              

at DFTBA
            






















Verge wordmark zip hoodie 




                $40
              

                $50
              

                  20% off
                





You can get 20 percent off when you use promo code VERGEBF at checkout.







              $40
              

at DFTBA
            





Here are other notable deals happening now:

Both new and returning customers can enjoy four months of a subscription to Amazon’s eBook reading service, Kindle Unlimited, for just $5 instead of $40.
Walmart is taking $50 off of the Fitbit Charge 4, selling it for $69 instead of $120. The fitness tracker comes with built-in GPS, as well as other perks, including contactless payment and Spotify controls.
Amazon is offering the first discount on the latest Tile Slim tracker, which is compatible with both iOS and Android devices. Typically $35, you can buy it for $28 instead. This product launched last month, and it offers features like water resistance and the ability to locate your smartphone by using the tracker as a remote. 








        Sign up for the
        
          newsletter
        
      
      Verge Deals
    
Subscribe to get the best Verge-approved tech deals of the week.






Just one more thing!
Please confirm your subscription to Verge Deals via the verification email we just sent you.




Email (required)






        By signing up, you agree to our Privacy Notice and European users agree to the data transfer policy.
        
      
Subscribe






We relaunched The Verge Merch Store a month ago for our 10th anniversary — and now, we’re giving Verge fans an extra special treat for Black Friday / Cyber Monday. 
Now through 11:59PM ET on Monday, November 29th, use promo code VERGEBF at checkout to get 20 percent off your purchase on our online store. Treat someone special — including yourself! — to Verge merch this holiday season. 


The Verge Merch Store
    Head to our online store to take advantage of the Black Friday discount on exclusive Verge merch.
  

Visit store



















EMAILS T-shirt




                $21
              

                $26
              

                  20% off
                





Verge fans can enjoy 20 percent off our own merchandise at The Verge Merch Store when you use promo code VERGEBF at checkout.







              $21
              

at DFTBA
            






















Special edition Verge 10th anniversary T-shirt




                $21
              

                $26
              

                  20% off
                





Designed by artist Richard Parry. Enjoy 20 percent off when you use promo code VERGEBF at checkout.







              $21
              

at DFTBA
            






















Verge wordmark zip hoodie 




                $40
              

                $50
              

                  20% off
                





You can get 20 percent off when you use promo code VERGEBF at checkout.







              $40
              

at DFTBA
            





We love hearing from all of you about what kinds of items you’d like to see added to the store next, so be sure to leave a comment below with your requests. Coffee mugs? Baby onesies? Tote bags? Bandanas? Mouse pads? You tell us! 
Check out all of our Black Friday coverage here — and don’t forget to subscribe to our Verge Deals newsletter for all of the best Black Friday and Cyber Monday discounts this year.







        Sign up for the
        
          newsletter
        
      
      Verge Deals
    
Subscribe to get the best Verge-approved tech deals of the week.






Just one more thing!
Please confirm your subscription to Verge Deals via the verification email we just sent you.




Email (required)






        By signing up, you agree to our Privacy Notice and European users agree to the data transfer policy.
        
      
Subscribe







    Related
  
The Verge Holiday Gift Guide 2021



WhatsApp’s web version has been updated with a built-in custom Sticker Maker, which lets you turn ordinary images from your computer into stickers that can be sent via the messaging service. To access it, click the paperclip (attachments) icon, select Sticker, and then pick an image to upload. As well as WhatsApp’s web version, the feature is also coming to its Desktop apps in the next week.
Once uploaded, images can be edited to turn them into the perfect sticker. An outline can be drawn around a picture’s subject to cut out the background, and images can also be cropped (though always in a square aspect ratio). Emoji, text, and additional WhatsApp stickers can also be layered on top of your sticker creations.
Being able to make your own stickers on WhatsApp is nothing new, and there are a whole range of third-party apps available on iOS and Android dedicated to the task. But it’s a convenient feature to have built directly into the service’s desktop and web versions, especially since they let you edit images with the precision of a mouse pointer.



If you’re hunting for an Xbox Series X, you might want to check your email inbox. Microsoft has been emailing out special links over the past week to the Microsoft Store, that let you directly order an Xbox Series X bundle. Microsoft says it has a “limited supply of Xbox Series X bundles” that are available to “valued Microsoft customers” in the US.
The emails are addressed to Microsoft Store customers, and bundles are available on a first-come and first-serve basis. Microsoft is limiting orders to one bundle per order, or two bundles per 30-day period. The links to order a bundle are unique and tied to a Microsoft Account, and don’t always guarantee that stock is available for a purchase.


Microsoft has been offering Xbox Series X bundles (with a game and extra controller) to “valued Microsoft customers” this week. Emails include a unique link to purchase a bundle pic.twitter.com/dEHlR0rsZ7— Tom Warren (@tomwarren) November 23, 2021



A wide range of “valued Microsoft customers” seem to be receiving the emails, and it could be a way for Microsoft to ensure some of its stock isn’t heading into scalpers hands. The main requirement seems to be that you’ve shopped online at the US Microsoft Store before, and perhaps even purchased Xbox-related software or hardware.
If you’re lucky enough to receive an invite to purchase a bundle, you won’t be able to buy just the console itself. Microsoft is bundling a game and an additional controller with this offer, and you can pick between Madden 22, GTA V, Rust, Far Cry 6, Hasbro Family Fun Pack, Mortal Kombat 11 Ultimate, Insurgency Sandstorm, and Diablo 2 Resurrected.


    Related
  
Early Black Friday 2021 gaming deals: games, accessories, and more

Microsoft warned earlier this year that Xbox Series X supply will be constrained into 2022. The global chip shortage has impacted various companies for more than 18 months now. Car manufacturers have had to scale back production of vehicles, and it’s been near impossible to find stock of new graphics cards, PS5s, and Xbox consoles.
Scalpers have also been making a bad situation worse by driving up prices. PS5, Xbox Series X, and GPU street prices are still through the roof, with an Xbox Series X selling for an average of $856 on eBay right now.

The latest game to come to Netflix’s fledgling gaming service is the racing title Asphalt Xtreme, TechCrunch reports. If that name sounds familiar, that’s because the mobile game was originally released in October 2016 but was subsequently pulled from app stores at the end of September 2021. A trailer for the game released on Netflix’s YouTube channel notes that it will be available “exclusively” for the service’s subscribers, with no ads or in-app purchases. 
It’s an interesting launch that sees Netflix’s gaming service borrowing from its video streaming playbook. Rather than exclusively releasing all-new, original titles, Netflix seems to be bulking out its catalog by licensing previously released games. Same as how Netflix’s video catalog contains all-new shows like Lupin and Bridgerton alongside classics like Seinfeld.
Apple Arcade has used a similar approach
Other game subscription services have struck a similar balance. This year, Apple Arcade added the game Castlevania: Grimoire of Souls, which had previously seen a limited release in Canada in 2019 but which was discontinued the following year. Alongside it, Apple’s game service also offers brand new titles like Fantasian. So too does Xbox Game Pass include a mix of new and old games.
If you’re a Netflix subscriber and want to check out the mobile games available on its service, you can find them listed in its regular iOS and Android apps. Be aware, though, that in order to actually play them you’ll be linked out to each platforms’ app store to download each game. On iOS, this approach is due to Apple’s strict App Store rules, which prevent developers from letting users download or stream a catalog of games within their existing apps. 
Thankfully, the process is about as seamless as it can be given the circumstances — I just tried downloading a Netflix game on an iPhone where I’m already signed in, and I didn’t have to go through a separate login process. Available games include Stranger Things: 1984, Stranger Things 3: The Game, Shooting Hoops, Teeter (Up), Card Blast, and Bowling Ballers, a new title that was released earlier this month.
TechCrunch reports that Asphalt Xtreme is gradually rolling out to users globally, and will come to Netflix subscribers in the US in the coming weeks.
Disclosure: The Verge is currently producing a series with Netflix.

Twitter has updated its iOS app to prevent those annoying situations where tweets disappear as you’re trying to read them, the company has announced. “Now when you pause your timeline scrolling to look at a Tweet, it should stay put!” the company tweeted.
The updates made on iOS follow similar improvements made on the web version of Twitter last week. Twitter explained that tweets can disappear when replies are being added to an ongoing conversation, because this would push existing tweets up the timeline. “We know it’s a frustrating experience, so we’re working on changing it,” the company said in September.


We’ve made some updates on iOS to prevent Tweets from disappearing mid-read. Now when you pause your timeline scrolling to look at a Tweet, it should stay put!— Twitter Support (@TwitterSupport) November 23, 2021



The changes have come during an unusually busy year for Twitter, where it’s been adding major new features on an almost monthly basis. Earlier this month it added a new summary of popular articles for subscribers of Twitter Blue, a paid service that itself only launched in June this year. Other major new features to have been widely released this year include Super Follows, Spaces, and a new button to simplify the process of subscribing to newsletters.


Televisions are ugly. A 55-incher creates about 1,300 square-inches of eyesore when not in use. Many don’t care, but my spouse does, which meant living with a tiny TV for longer than I care to admit. 
Ultra-short throw projectors are often marketed as TV replacements. They’re small by comparison, yet capable of projecting a large image when placed just inches from the wall. But UST projectors capable of a big bright 4K HDR image have always been prohibitively expensive. So, long story short, we bought a 55-inch OLED TV while in Covid lockdown.
But now there’s a newcomer: the all-in-one Xgimi Aura is a 4K HDR ultra-short throw laser projector with integrated sound system that runs Android TV and is capable of tossing 2400 lumens onto my white walls for $2,499. That’s not cheap, but it undercuts other 4K short-throw projectors that start at $2,800 for a VAVA, jump to $3,300 from established brands like Optoma, and reach prices as high as $15,000 for a top-end Sony. 
“Your next TV is not a TV,” is how Xgimi markets the Aura. But can a UST projector really replace a modern TV?
Well, maybe.






Our review of 
Xgimi Aura


Verge Score
7 out of 10






Good Stuff

Relatively cheap for a 4K ultra-short throw projector
Big beautiful picture in dark rooms
Laser cutoff is fast to protect the eyes of children and pets
Integrated speakers are loud



Bad Stuff

Buy this, or two OLED TVs and one game console
Needs a very dark room
No Netflix app
Chromecast anomalies




Buy for $2,499.00 from Xgimi



Let’s first take a step back for those of you not familiar with Xgimi. The Chinese company got its start in 2014 before debuting in Western markets in 2016. It’s built a loyal fanbase around nice looking all-in-one portable projectors that are reasonably specced yet still inexpensive. These include the Z4 Aurora and Horizon Pro 4K which The Verge reviewed previously.
The Xgimi Aura is not portable. It measures 606 x 401 x 139.5mm and weighs 14.9kg (about 32 pounds) which is big compared to traditional long-throw projectors. But most of that volume sits low on a cabinet in place of a free-standing television. 
To replace a TV, the Aura needs to turn on as quickly, be just as enjoyable to view in all lighting scenarios, offer a similar selection of streaming apps, and deliver comparable sound with the option to enhance it for home theater setups. It also needs to do all these things while justifying a price that’s at least twice that of a 55-inch OLED. 
So let’s address each item one-by-one.
Time to TV
My 55-inch LG TV boots into webOS in about 25 seconds with Quick Start+ turned off. It turns on in just 5-6 seconds with standby enabled, which is my usual setup. By comparison, the Xgimi Aura boots cold into Android TV OS 10.0 in about 55 seconds, twice as long as the LG TV. Turning on from standby takes about 11 seconds, again twice the time. 
There is an option to turn the Aura’s laser projection unit off (to stream music, for example) which allows it to spring back to life instantaneously. But fan noise (more on that later) and excessive power draw makes this an option I use sparingly.
More importantly, apps launch faster on the Aura than my TV. Plex launches about three times faster, YouTube opens instantly while the TV takes a few seconds, Apple TV launches about 50 percent faster, and Prime Video about 20 percent.
I can deal with a few extra seconds of startup time as long as my apps are responsive when I’m looking for something to watch. 
Winner: Aura.

 









Adjustable legs help with angle but you’ll need a deep cabinet to get a full 150-inch display.



 









The laser light source cuts off quickly to protect the curious eyes of children and pets.



 









Don’t lose the remote because the on-device controls are lacking.



 









All the inputs and outputs are on the back.




Viewing Experience
Comparing the viewing experience of a projector to a TV is really comparing apples to oranges. Some will certainly prioritize a 100-plus inch immersive display that, for most people, is only financially viable with a projector. Others want high-contrast, color-accurate displays enabled by the brightest TVs. Unless you’re in the market for a super yacht, you can’t afford both size and image-popping HDR from a single display.


XGIMI Aura specs:

Android TV 10.0 OS with built-in Google Assistant and Chromecast support
Single Chip DLP (0.47 inch Texas Instruments DMD)
3840 x 2160 @ 60Hz
2GB of RAM, 32GB of storage
Bluetooth 5.0, ethernet, and Wi-Fi (2.4/5GHz, 802.11a/b/g/n/ac)
2400 ANSI lumens from laser light source that’s rated for 25,000 hours
0.233:1 throw ratio
HDR10 support
Inputs: 3x HDMI 2.0, 3x USB 2.0
Outputs: Mini USB (debug), 3.5mm headphone, optical




Size junkies will be drawn to the Aura’s claimed 150-inch max display. But that comes with a few catches. First, spreading all those lumens across such a large space dims the displayed image considerably. Second, the Xgimi Aura needs to be 17.3 inches (44.1cm) from the wall to achieve such a large image, which can easily defeat typical TV stands that tend to be quite narrow (the projector is almost 16-inches wide). Nevertheless, buying a wider table is cheaper than knocking down a wall to gain the distance required by some long-throw projectors to achieve that same display size.
In my setup, where the Aura sits on a narrow Ikea sideboard, the furthest I can move the projector from the wall before the beamer tumbles over the edge is about 15.5cm (6.1 inches). That’s far enough to create a 90-inch projected rectangle. It’s big compared to my 55-inch LG OLED but nowhere near as bright. 
As you might have already guessed then, viewing the Aura during the day is bad. It’s fine for watching the news, I guess, and catching up on some of my YouTube subscriptions as long as the blinds are closed, but the image is washed out severely, even on dreary rainy afternoons. 












Daytime viewing with the blinds open is... bad.



It’s at night when the Aura’s giant 4K projected image really springs to life. True, blacks suffer from having to be projected over distance using light unlike my OLED TV, but the Xgimi Aura still serves up some beautiful dark scenery from films like Dune, thanks to the more spacious screen that evokes the type of cinematic experience I’ve longed for since the pandemic closed theaters. Sports also look great on the Aura when viewed in a darkened room. It should go without saying, but the bigger image makes it easier to keep track of the ball.
Watching in darkness isn’t a problem currently as the sun sets at 5pm where I live. However, I’d need blackout blinds in the summers when daylight stretches past 10pm. That’s something to consider if you live in a northern climate.
 









Colors pop, but Aura lacks the brightness and contrast to rival HDR on TVs (4K HDR content).



Overall, the Aura’s colors are rich, even if they tend to skew green; images are sharp; and focus is uniform throughout. And while the Aura supports HDR10, it’s simply not bright enough to produce the image-popping contrast produced by modern TVs. 
Casual gameplay is also wonderful on that giant display, especially in multiplayer split-screen modes that can be cramped on even large televisions. But input latency and lack of HDMI 2.1 mean you won’t be taking home any professional esports titles.
I had to tilt my Aura review unit upward to keep a power outlet from obscuring part of the projection. This was easy to do thanks to Aura’s integrated legs that unscrew from beneath, and 8-point keystone correction to square the image again. But like all projectors, the image brightness suffers as a result at those angles while also resulting in trapezoidal light shadows that become visible in dark scenes. The ideal setup is for the Aura to be sitting flat and pointing directly at the wall. 
Projecting light from below makes wall deformities more prominent 
Having the light projected from below also makes deformities in my wall more noticeable due to their respective shadows. Front-projection devices do a much better job of obscuring the holes, nicks, and undulating plaster on my 170-year-old walls. My setup would benefit from a projection screen, which would smooth out the images while improving image brightness and contrast. But that would really defeat this as a TV replacement unless I wanted to pay even more for a screen that automatically unfurls from a ceiling nook. No thank you.
Like Xgimi’s other projectors, the Aura features an integrated Harman Kardon sound system. This time it’s a beefy 4 x 15W setup (equally divided into two tweeters and two woofers) with DTS and Dolby Audio support. It’s plenty loud and yields decent audio separation that blows my LG TV out of the water. The Aura’s audio can’t compete with my usual 5.1 Sonos setup, but it does have an S/PDIF optical output for expansion, as well as a headphone jack and support for Bluetooth audio.
Fan noise from the Aura produces a light hum that’s easily noticeable. I can hear it buzz from ten-feet away as Android TV cycles through what should be silent slideshows. It bothers me when my attention is drawn to the noise, but mostly I’m unaware of it. With the display off, Aura slows the fan down to cut the noise by half. This can be useful if you want to use it as a music player, for example. 
Winner: It’s a tossup, because sometimes a giant display that’s good is better than a smaller one that’s great.
Smart Apps
The Aura runs Android TV like many smart televisions. That means plenty of streaming apps to choose from like Apple TV Plus, Disney Plus, YouTube, Amazon Prime Video, Plex, and HBO Max. Netflix, however, has still not certified Xgimi under the steamer’s proprietary Open Connect program to make Netflix streams more efficient. The app can be installed via workarounds, but even this stopped working half-way through my testing (other workarounds routinely pop-up). Fortunately, Aura has Chromecast support built-in but the experience pales in comparison to a local app, and performance is inconsistent. 
For example, Chromecasting video was usually fine, but the NFL GamePass app crapped out on both iOS and Android devices. The only fix was to attach an old Chromecast dongle off an HDMI port that worked flawlessly.
The Apple TV app also errored out a few times during my testing which was only solved by rebooting the Aura.
But it really comes back to Netflix. Netflix is used by over 200 million people around the world. Spending $2,500 on a projector marketed as a TV replacement only to find out the app is missing is troubling, especially for families with small kids who don’t have phones for casting.
Winner: TV.
Other Observations

The Aura has built-in eye protection that quickly cuts the laser light source if it detects interference. It’s fast and will hopefully protect the curious eyes of kids and pets.
Upscaled 1080p content looked fine.
The Aura features the same remote control with dedicated Google Assistant button I tested, and liked, on the Horizon Pro. Don’t lose it because other than a power button, there aren’t any on-device controls. (Even then there’s always the Google Home software remote.)

 









Aura does big well.



Over the years I proposed a variety of less ugly TV solutions to my wife only to be rebuffed. A ceiling mounted projector (don’t want to open the walls for cable runs). TV mounted to an electric lift (have to build a giant cabinet to hide it). Rollable TV (too prototype-y and way too expensive). One of those always-on TVs that pretends it’s a picture frame (do you think I’m a fool?).
The Xgimi Aura all-in-one 4K ultra-short throw projector can indeed replace a TV but only if you’re installing it in a very dark room. Even then you’ll have to put up with fan noise, no Netflix app, and an inferior (but very good) picture for the price of two 55-inch OLED TVs and a game console. 
But if you really hate the idea of a giant TV ruining the aesthetic of your minimalistic living room, or you want the biggest image possible in a narrow room where a traditional long-throw projector just won’t fit, then the $2,500 Xgimi Aura is as good as it gets for the price.


AGREE TO CONTINUE: Xgimi Aura
Every smart device now requires you to agree to a series of terms and conditions before you can use it — contracts that no one actually reads. It’s impossible for us to read and analyze every single one of these agreements. But we started counting exactly how many times you have to hit “agree” to use devices when we review them since these are agreements most people don’t read and definitely can’t negotiate.
To use Android TV and Chromecast on the Xgimi Aura, you must agree to:

Google Terms of Service
Google Privacy Policy

The following agreements are optional:

Use Chromecast location: “Allow Google and apps with your permission on your Chromecast to use the Chromecast location estimated from Wi-Fi.”
Send usage and diagnostic data

Additionally, if you want to use the Google Assistant, you must agree to let Google collect:

App info from your devices
Contact info from your devices: ”This data may be saved and used in any Google service where you are signed in to give you more personalized experiences. You can see your data, delete it and change your settings at account.google.com”

Streaming services also have their own terms of service and privacy policies.
Final tally: at least two mandatory agreements and at least four optional agreements.



Photography by Thomas Ricker / The Verge

Apple is planning to partner with Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Co. for the production of its own 5G modems for future iPhones, according to a new report in Nikkei. Apple is said to be planning to use TSMC’s 4nm process node, which hasn’t yet been deployed for any commercial product; the modem is apparently being designed and tested at 5nm before moving to mass production in 2023 at 4nm.
Apple’s switch to modems of its own design is widely expected to happen in 2023, and TSMC is the natural manufacturing partner. Qualcomm, which is the dominant player in the industry and produces modem components for the entire iPhone 13 lineup, recently said that it expects to account for just 20 percent of iPhone modem orders in two years’ time. 


    Related
  
iPhone 13 review: yep, bigger batteries are better

Apple bought Intel’s 5G modem division in 2019, foreshadowing the eventual switch. Earlier that year Qualcomm and Apple agreed to end a costly modem technology patent dispute, with Qualcomm receiving more than $4 billion as part of the settlement.
TSMC is the manufacturer of all iPhone A-series processors and M1 systems-on-chip for Mac computers. According to Nikkei, there are hundreds of TSMC engineers based in Cupertino to work with Apple’s chip development team. 2022 iPhone SoCs will reportedly use TSMC’s 4nm process, and some iPad models are said to be adopting 3nm processors in 2023. Nikkei says the iPhone will make the 3nm jump “as soon as” next year.

It seems our prediction that a Lord of the Rings-themed “JRR Token” cryptocurrency was destined for the fires of Mount Doom was accurate — the World Intellectual Property Organization (or WIPO) has declared that it violated a trademark belonging to the estate of author J.R.R. Tolkien, and ordered that one of the project’s web domains be transferred to that estate (via the Financial Times). 
If you’re unfamiliar with JRR Token (not Tolkien), here’s the lore — it was a cryptocurrency project that drew heavy inspiration from The Lord of the Rings. Its tagline was “The One Token That Rules Them All,” its website featured Tolkien-esque imagery of rolling hills and wizards, and there was even a promotional video featuring an actor from the movies making Hobbit puns and claiming that the token was going “to the moon.” It promised a bunch of financial features called “Tokenomics,” the actual details of which were left annoyingly unclear by its (Lord of the Rings-themed) white paper and website.
The Tolkien Estate issued its complaint almost as soon as the project went live
As many, many people predicted, all this didn’t sit well with the famously litigious Tolkien Estate — it filed a complaint with WIPO on August 7th, the day after the tokens went on sale.  The estate claimed that the project’s site, jrrtoken.com, violated its trademarks, and provided paragraphs of detailed explanations about how the website was infringing on The Lord of the Rings. Honestly, though, you can probably get the gist by just looking at a web archive or screenshot of it. 











If you look closely, you can see subtle references to Lord of the Rings.
Via: The Wayback Machine


(Note: the project also had another site, thetokenofpower.com — based on Wayback Machine archives, the two sites appear to have had the same content, but only the former is mentioned in WIPO’s writeup. Neither site contains information about the token anymore.)
In its defense, lawyers for the token attempted to argue that people wouldn’t confuse JRR Token with JRR Tolkien because the “L” and “I” in Tolkien are “conspicuously absent” in Token, and the two phrases are pronounced differently. The response also reads, in part:
J R R TOLKIEN is not confusingly similar to JRR TOKEN. The former is a surname used as a trademark and the latter is an English word meaning a form of digital currency.
If you look closely, your honor, these two words are different
Strangely, the WIPO panel (not to be confused with the Council of Elrond), wasn’t convinced by these arguments, or by the ones saying it was meant to be a parody — it said in its decision that the domain name was registered “in bad faith,” and that it “was selected for the sole purpose of creating a false association with” author J.R.R. Tolkien. All the Lord of the Rings references and imagery on the token’s website didn’t help the project’s case either, according to WIPO, nor did the fact that it was a commercial enterprise. 
The panel also said that the developer’s alternate explanation that the “JRR” in “JRR Token” actually stood for “Journey through Risk to Reward” was probably bogus, given that the phrase didn’t seem to be used on the site. In its own words: 
It is not clear to the Panel what “Journey through Risk to Reward” actually means, and why the term “journey” is relevant to the purchase of tokens.
“There is no doubt that the Respondent was aware of Tolkien’s works and created a website to trade off the fame of these works,” reads part of the WIPO’s decision. 
According to The Guardian, the Tolkien estate is now working to “delete any infringing online content” — and indeed the token’s Twitter account, YouTube channel, and websites appear to be gone. To misquote The Fellowship of the Ring’s opening scene: one by one, JRR Token’s sites and social media accounts fell to the power of international copyright law.
But, as they say, there were some that resisted.
Like The One Ring in Tolkien’s story, the token has survived after a fashion — in the form of an OpenSea collection. Of course there are JRR Token NFTs, and if you thought the main project was blatantly biting LotR just wait until you feast your eyes on these (akin to how Gollum disgustingly feasts on a live fish in that one scene I still hate watching).










This may be the last haven for JRR Token’s online presence.












I too love to claim that the bad guys of LotR were pro-centralization, and then make all my NFTs depict the villains of the story.




What’s an NFT?
NFTs allow you to buy and sell ownership of unique digital items and keep track of who owns them using the blockchain. NFT stands for “non-fungible token,” and it can technically contain anything digital, including drawings, animated GIFs, songs, or items in video games. An NFT can either be one-of-a-kind, like a real-life painting, or one copy of many, like trading cards, but the blockchain keeps track of who has ownership of the file.
NFTs have been making headlines lately, some selling for millions of dollars, with high-profile memes like Nyan Cat and the “deal with it” sunglasses being put up for auction. There’s also a lot of discussion about the massive electricity use and environmental impacts of NFTs. If you (understandably) still have questions, you can read through our NFT FAQ.


Interestingly, the NFTs weren’t mentioned in the WIPO’s case write-up, though the timeline may offer some insight into that. As previously noted, the Tolkien estate filed its complaint in early August, and the NFTs weren’t advertised on JRR Token’s website until sometime between August 31st and September 11th, according to captures by the Wayback Machine.
Looking at the blockchain gives us even more precise timing — OpenSea shows that the NFTs were minted on August 31st, and were either listed for sale or transferred to other accounts on September 1st. That is, by the way, is the exact same day the WIPO’s report says that JRR Token filed its response to the complaint. I pray that someday I’m granted the confidence (but not the audacity) of the person who creates NFTs with characters from Lord of the Rings while fighting an infringement complaint from the Tolkien estate.
I’m not sure what will end up happening to the JRR Token NFTs, though I don’t imagine the Tolkien estate will be happy if it finds out about them. As for the rest of the project — if I’m honest, this is pretty much exactly what I expected to happen. The Eye of Sauron may be ever watchful, but the eye of The Tolkien Estate is even more so — and no mere token can be expected to resist the powers of the WIPO.

Who added the Schering-Plough and Pfizer logos to the Theranos-produced lab reports that investors received? Why, none other than Elizabeth Holmes.
“This work was done in partnership with those companies and I was trying to convey that,” she said on the stand today. She added the logos before sending the memos to Walgreens, which Theranos would later partner with. Holmes wasn’t trying to fool anyone, she said. “I wish I’d done it differently.”
“I wish I’d done it differently.”
Holmes spoke slowly as she confessed. The testimony, given on her third day of questioning by her defense team, sounded polished. Rehearsed. It was the most confident she’d sound all day.
Those documents have been a major part of the case against Holmes in her trial for wire fraud. Investors testified that they thought the documents had been generated by the pharma companies themselves. And Holmes’ mea culpa didn’t explain why the language in the Schering-Plough memo had changed from “give accurate and precise results” in the version the drug company saw to “give more accurate and precise results… than current ‘gold standard’ reference methods” in the Walgreens version.
But maybe the confession was meant to make it sound more serious when Holmes spent other parts of her testimony passing the buck. 
The clinical lab
Holmes said that lab director Adam Rosendorff, VP Daniel Young, and Balwani, her CFO, were responsible for the clinical lab — implying that whatever problems happened there weren’t her fault. And, maybe, that she wasn’t completely aware of those problems. As she discussed conditions in the lab, her speech sped up and she appeared nervous. She said she hadn’t pressured Rosendorff to approve tests. Hadn’t pressured Young, either. Hadn’t pressured anyone to sign off on a lab report they didn’t want to sign. 
Whatever had gone on in the lab, well, that wasn’t her.
When Rosendorff raised concerns about the schedule for tests, “I recall telling Dr. Rosendorff that we’ll do whatever it takes to give him the time he needs to bring up the tests properly,” Holmes said. Those tests were delayed by months.
“This was the wrong way to treat people.”
What about scientist Surekha Gangakhedkar, another employee who feared getting blamed for Theranos’ problems? Well, gee, Holmes had no idea Gangakhedkar had reservations about Theranos’s tests. (Holmes did not directly address Gangakhedkar’s testimony that Holmes had pressured her to approve tests.) When the scientist resigned, she cited stress and health issues. Stress, incidentally, can cause health issues.
Holmes tried to convince Gangakhedkar to take a leave of absence, but the scientist quit. And we saw one reason why Gangakhedkar was so stressed: an email from Balwani (on which Holmes was copied!) scolding her for not working hard enough. “Please note the software team was here til 3:07AM — and is already here now at 10AM,” he wrote. 
Holmes said she wished she’d handled this differently. “This was the wrong way to treat people.”
The rotten working environment at Theranos was a consistent theme among employees who testified in the trial. Entry-level employee Erika Cheung testified that people slept in their cars as they tried to address problems with quality control on Theranos tests. On the day Gangakhedkar quit, another member of her team also quit, also citing stress. A human resources employee emailed Holmes about it: “Surekha just came by and said she believes Tina is resigning because of health reasons, family life and stress,” that email said. “She said it is similar to the reasons she is resigning.”
Questionable marketing materials
As for Theranos’ marketing, which the prosecution argued deceived people about Theranos’s technology, that was the doing of Chiat Day, the firm that famously did the Apple “1984” ad, Holmes said. The images that conveyed Theranos’ message — like the image of the cute kid captioned with “Goodbye Big Bad Needle” — were symbols that Chiat Day told them to adopt for their brand identity. Images were especially important for conveying identity, the firm told Holmes.
Holmes said she reviewed the article before publication
But Holmes admits that she wasn’t hands-off with shaping Theranos’ image. Theranos hired a PR group, Grow Marketing, and managed to place a story in The Wall Street Journal’s opinion section, written by Joseph Rago, about how amazing Theranos was, titled: “Elizabeth Holmes: The Breakthrough of Instant Diagnosis.”
In the article, which Holmes said she reviewed before publication, Rago wrote that “Theranos’s processes are faster, cheaper and more accurate than the conventional methods and require only microscopic blood volumes, not vial after vial of the stuff.” This article was part of the marketing materials that investors received, convincing them to invest in Theranos.
That was part of the press strategy — to introduce Theranos before announcing its partnership with Walgreens. You know, the one that had gotten Holmes to send the be-logoed reports. We saw emails Holmes wrote about the roll-out strategy. At the end of 2013, Theranos agreed to open its testing locations in 3,000 stores over the next two years. 
Slow roll-out at Walgreens
Former Walgreens senior executive Nimesh Jhaveri testified earlier in the trial that the roll-out had been slowed because so many tests had been done on venous draws, instead of the fingersticks Theranos had promised.
According to Holmes, the roll-out was going well in early 2014. By the end of the year, only 40 service centers had opened. But see, that wasn’t Holmes’ fault, because Walgreens had made an acquisition (of Boots, another pharmacy) and all the Walgreens execs had been replaced by Boots execs.
Weird financial projections
As for the wonky financial projections that had convinced investors that Theranos was more profitable than it actually was, well, those models were Balwani’s and he prepared the projections she used. Looking at the projected revenue in 2014 ($140 million) and 2015 ($990 million), Balwani “built a model with a number of assumptions about how many stores Theranos would roll out to and other work with physicians and hospital systems sending us samples” and that was how he made projections, Holmes said.
Balwani was the primary contact for investor Brian Grossman of PFM Management, Holmes said. Grossman previously testified that Holmes lied to him about Theranos’ capabilities, and that in meetings where both Holmes and Balwani attended, Holmes did most of the talking.
Problems with Safeway
As for Theranos’ failed attempt to open stores in Safeway, part of that was executive changeover. Former Safeway CEO Steven Burd had testified that Theranos’ frequent delays troubled him, but Holmes never told him there was a problem with Theranos’ tech. He retired; when new management came in, Balwani dealt with them.
The defense announced its strategy on the very first day: pass the buck. The gamble appeared to be that having Holmes admit her culpability in the doctored memos would give her more credibility when she blamed other people for almost everything else. But the difference between Holmes’ demeanor when she admitted her role in the memos and when she spent time blaming others was striking. As she deflected responsibility, for the first time in the trial, she looked nervous.
Correction Nov. 29 11:00AM ET: The original version of this story misstated the name of the investor with PFM Management. It is Brian Grossman. We regret the error.

Twitter verified a fake account for Norway’s new Minister of Finance, but apparently, it’s not Twitter’s fault. As first reported by Norwegian tech site NRKbeta, the Prime Minister’s Office and Norway’s Security Authority (NSM) mistakenly passed along a fake account for verification.


Twitter has verified a fake account portraying the Norwegian Minister of Finance, Trygve Slagsvold Vedum.The Norwegian Ministry of Finance confirms the story to news agency NTB: https://t.co/dcpINS9ZhS pic.twitter.com/U6MvNk93d0— Ståle Grut (@stalebg) November 22, 2021



Norway’s Minister of Finance, Trygve Slagsvold Vedum, has never had a Twitter account. The report states that several fake accounts impersonating Vedum cropped up since he was elected into office this September, so much so that the Ministry of Finance sent out a tweet last month warning that the Minister of Finance doesn’t actually have an account. The translated tweet reads, “We want to inform that Minister of Finance Trygve Slagsvold Vedum does not have private Twitter. Accounts that appear in his name are therefore fake and will be reported.”
What was different about this most recent fake account, though, was that it was granted a blue checkmark by Twitter. According to NRKbeta, Vedum’s fake account sent out tweets that oppose his political party’s policies, potentially ruffling some feathers in the political sphere. However, Twitter doesn’t appear to be responsible for the mistake — NRKbeta found that the Prime Minister’s Office and the NSM were at fault.
“Unfortunately, there was an error in the reporting that caused a fake account to be verified,” Anne Kristin Hjuske, the head of communications at the Prime Minister’s Office told NRKbeta. “The account has now been removed and we have made sure that no more fake accounts have been verified. Furthermore, we are currently reviewing our reporting routines to ensure that this does not happen again.”
“It seems somebody at the Prime Minister’s Office was fooled by the account”
The Prime Minister’s Office and NSM were responsible for verifying politicians’ social media accounts following the recent election. The fake account apparently tricked both organizations, got sent along to Twitter, and passed.
“Out of nowhere one of these fake accounts shows up verified,” Ståle Grut, the journalist behind the NRKbeta article told The Verge. “It seems somebody at the Prime Minister's Office coordinating the verification was fooled by the account, and it ended up being sent to Twitter along with the other newly appointed ministers who are also now all verified.”
Twitter recently revamped its verification process to specifically prevent the creation of fake accounts. It reopened its verification process this past May after nearly four years of overhauling the system, and later briefly put it on pause after mistakenly verifying several phony accounts.
But it seems that no matter how fancy Twitter makes its verification process, it still can’t protect against plain old human error. It remains unclear whether Twitter typically delegates its verification process to outside authorities. If it does, that’s especially concerning for accounts that belong to high-profile government officials, and this mishap is a case in point. The Verge reached out to Twitter with a request for comment but didn’t immediately hear back.

According to a report by Deadline, Amazon isn’t relying on the just-launched Wheel of Time series and its upcoming Lord of the Rings show to pull in sci-fi/fantasy viewers. The entertainment news outlet reports that Amazon is “nearing a deal to develop a series” based on the Mass Effect games.


    Related
  
Amazon’s Wheel of Time tries a little too hard to be Game of Thrones
Amazon’s Lord of the Rings series will premiere in September 2022 

While Electronic Arts and BioWare have not announced a series, there have been more than a few hints. Earlier this year, the project director for EA’s remastered Mass Effect: Legendary Edition trilogy set told Business Insider that it’s “not a matter of if, but when” a movie or TV show project appears relating to the game.
There was also that interesting Instagram post in February from Henry Cavill, who may want to add male Commander Shepard to his geeky resume along with Superman and Geralt from The Witcher. The actor posted an easily-deblurred image hinting at a “secret project?,” and internet sleuths figured out it was actually a printout of the Wikipedia entry for Mass Effect 3.
Any other details like how this could tie in with a new game in the series, are unclear, even if some people — like this very imaginative wiki editor — already have fan casting done in their head. W Well, there’s one safe guess I can make — it’s probably not going to be based on Mass Effect: Andromeda.

Samsung officially announced a new advanced chip-making plant in Texas, that’s estimated to cost around $17 billion and could create 1,800 jobs, as reported previously by The Wall Street Journal. The new plant will be located in the city of Taylor, roughly 30 miles away from Austin, where Samsung has an existing facility. The new site is roughly 1,200 acres in size, making it larger than Samsung’s Austin plant, the WSJ notes.










Samsung Austin Semiconductor — The new plant will be even larger than this
Image: Samsung


 Kinam Kim, the vice chairman and CEO of Samsung Electronics Device Solutions Division says in a statement that “With greater manufacturing capacity, we will be able to better serve the needs of our customers and contribute to the stability of the global semiconductor supply chain.” He continued, “In addition to our partners in Texas, we are grateful to the Biden Administration for creating an environment that supports companies like Samsung as we work to expand leading-edge semiconductor manufacturing in the U.S. We also thank the administration and Congress for their bipartisan support to swiftly enact federal incentives for domestic chip production and innovation.”
Samsung plans to break ground on the location next year, and start producing chips in 2024. Eventually, Samsung is expected to begin using the new plant to produce processors, for its own uses and for use in other companies’ products.
The city of Taylor also offered Samsung incentives to locate its plant there, which reportedly amount to property tax breaks of over 90 percent for its first ten years, the WSJ notes.
Samsung is a giant in the memory chip manufacturing game, but it’ll likely use the Taylor plant to manufacture advanced chips for other companies based on their designs. Previous reports have indicated this new plant could produce chips as advanced as 3nm. Samsung has previously produced chips for companies like Qualcomm and Nvidia.
The expansion comes as the global semiconductor shortage continues to cause major problems for everyone from console makers to car manufacturers. It’s a situation that’s unlikely to abate until at least 2023, according to recent comments from Intel CEO Pat Gelsinger.
In response, the Biden administration is attempting to bolster US chip production, reducing the potential for supply chain disruption and reversing the country’s declining share of manufacturing in recent decades. The Senate recently approved $52 billion in subsidies for new chipmaking plants, though the CHIPS Act is yet to pass in the House of Representatives, according to Bloomberg. 
The chip-making industry has production capacity increases planned, but many of the new plants won’t be online anytime soon. TSMC and Sony’s new $7 billion chip factory in Japan won’t see production start until the end of 2024, the same year as TSMC’s new $12 billion Arizona plant. TSMC has said it plans to invest over $100 billion in new chip factories over the next three years, while Intel plans to spend a similar amount over the next decade on investments in the US and Europe.

Apple’s digital driver’s license / ID feature won’t be coming until “early 2022,” according to an update to Apple’s iOS 15 page that MacRumors noticed. The change comes after news broke that Apple was looking for strict control over how states roll out the feature, which was previously listed as coming late this year.
Originally announced at WWDC 2021, Apple says that the feature will let you use its Wallet app to store your digital identification for use at airport security checkpoints. Of course, the system is dependent on your state supporting it — the company announced that Arizona and Georgia would be the first to let citizens add their licenses to their phones (with Connecticut, Iowa, Kentucky, Maryland, Oklahoma, and Utah following later) but didn’t specify when exactly that would be happening.











A WayBack Machine capture from earlier this month shows that the “Coming early 2022” text was added recently.



Earlier this month, a report showed how restrictive Apple’s contracts with the states chosen to lead the program are. CNBC said, according to the contracts it viewed from Georgia, Arizona, Oklahoma, and Kentucky, that Apple has “sole discretion” concerning how the states marketed the program, how they reported on its success, and even the date that they launched the program and the devices they’re allowed to mark as compatible. States, and therefore taxpayers, are also responsible for funding the program, despite Apple choosing when it launches.
Apple does have conflicting info on its site about when digital IDs will be available — iOS 15’s “All New Features” page still says the feature is coming in “late 2021,” but it’s difficult to see that happening now. The holidays and the vacations that come with them are fast approaching, which traditionally makes projects difficult to complete, especially if other organizations (in this case, the state governments) are involved. 
The feature wasn’t alone in missing the official iOS 15 launch — the new version of the OS was released without a good chunk of the major features that Apple had announced on stage. Many of them have been added through updates or have shown up in the beta for the upcoming iOS 15.2, though Universal Control is still missing for those wanting to control their Macs and iPads with the same mouse and keyboard. Apple is still promising it’ll launch “later this fall.”


    Related
  
Apple’s unexciting 2021 Mac and iPhone software prove it should take a break from annual OS updates



Chris Pratt’s voice as Mario is “phenomenal,” says one of the men who has the most to gain if that’s true. But Pratt likely won’t be putting on Mario’s familiar fake Italian accent for the majority of the film.
When asked to defend the casting of Chris Pratt (a white American man best known as the Guardians of the Galaxy’s Star-Lord) as Mario (a denizen of the Mushroom Kingdom previously voiced by a white American man of French descent attempting to sound like an Italian plumber from Brooklyn at the request of the character’s Japanese creators, just so we’re clear), producer and Illumination CEO Chris Meledandri suggested to TooFab that it’s OK because:

Meledandri himself is an Italian American.
Charlie Day, the actor playing Luigi, “actually comes from Italian heritage,” so they’re covered there.
They’re not going to lean heavily into the “It’s-a-me, Mario!” fake accent in the movie.

“We cover it in the movie, so you’ll see we definitely nod to that, but that’s not the tenor of the performance throughout the film,” says Meledandri. 


absolutely incredible defence of Chris Pratt Mario by an Illumination exechttps://t.co/HRX6Lll22L pic.twitter.com/eLlKmtIoCe— James Whitbrook (@Jwhitbrook) November 23, 2021



I’m not quite sure how we got to this point, but I’m enjoying the show! I suppose we’ll just have to wait and see why Pratt got cast as Mario when the movie arrives in December 2022. 
Oh, and he’s also playing Garfield. 

Funko Pop is teaming up with ViacomCBS for its latest “Digital Pop” NFT collectibles, with a new series of blockchain-based cards featuring classic Star Trek characters. 
Funko’s “Digital Pop” NFTs aren’t a new thing: they’ve been around since July, and the new Star Trek ones are just the latest incarnation. And as is the case with the other Digital Pop sets, certain specific rare NFTs cards will also include a free physical Funko Pop figure too, which is a potentially nice bonus. 
But there’s something uniquely depressing about Star Trek NFTs specifically, given the utopian ideals of the Federation and the very intentionally post-scarcity world in which the franchise is set. Thanks to the ubiquity of advanced technology like replicators (gadgets that can instantly materialize any item out of thin air), Star Trek’s worlds (broadly) don’t revolve around money.










NFTs, on the other hand, are intentionally limited digital items based on environmentally dubious cryptocurrencies that create a false dichotomy of ownership and scarcity for the purpose of attaching an artificially inflated value — or more or less the opposite of the future Star Trek envisions. The entire concept feels more like the kind of straw man a classic Star Trek episode would set up, with a moralizing speech about how “greed is bad... in space!” hamfistedly closing out the episode. 
Or, as my colleague Adi Robertson more put it, “Ah yes, Star Trek, the series that famously explored the concept of ‘What if computer-created items were extremely scarce and induplicable?’”
The new series of 120 digital cards will include various characters Star Trek: The Original Series, rendered in Funko’s inexplicably popular style, will go on sale on November 30th at 2PM ET. A total of 48,000 packs of cards will be sold, with 36,000 standard packs with five Digital Pop cards going for $9.99, while 12,000 premium packs with 15 cards will set you back $29.99. As with the other Digital Pop NFTs, you’ll have to buy them on the Droppp.io app, using the WAX Blockchain. 
Resistance is futile. 

Now Apple has followed WhatsApp and its parent company Meta (formerly known as Facebook) in suing Pegasus spyware maker NSO Group. Along with promising new information about how NSO Group infected targeted iPhones via a zero-click exploit that researchers later dubbed ForcedEntry, Apple says it’s “seeking a permanent injunction to ban NSO Group from using any Apple software, services, or devices.”
Apple: NSO agreed to the iCloud Terms of Service
Senior VP of software engineering Craig Federighi didn’t mention sideloading this time but says in a statement, “State-sponsored actors like the NSO Group spend millions of dollars on sophisticated surveillance technologies without effective accountability. That needs to change...Apple devices are the most secure consumer hardware on the market — but private companies developing state-sponsored spyware have become even more dangerous.” Apple and WhatsApp aren’t alone in their push against NSO Group in court, as last year, tech companies including Microsoft and Google filed a brief supporting Facebook’s lawsuit.
Pegasus spyware is designed to let governments remotely access a phone’s microphones, cameras, and other data on both iPhones and Androids, according to Apple’s press release. It’s also designed to be able to infect phones without requiring any action from the user and without leaving a trace, according to reports that came out earlier this year from a journalistic coalition called the Pegasus Project and Apple’s complaint. 
Apple also cites reports that the spyware has been used against journalists, activists, and politicians, despite NSO’s claims that its governmental clients are forbidden from using the spyware against those sorts of targets. It’s understandable why Apple, the “what happens on your iPhone, stays on your iPhone” company, would be upset about its devices and services being used to carry out what it calls “human rights abuses.”
The lawsuit is a “stake in the ground” for Apple
Apple’s senior director of commercial litigation Heather Grenier says in a statement to The New York Times the lawsuit is meant to be a “stake in the ground, to send a clear signal” that the company won’t allow its users to suffer “this type of abuse.” Part of Apple’s argument laid out in the complaint (PDF) is that NSO violated Apple’s terms of service because the group created “more than one hundred” Apple IDs to help it send data to targets.
The Court has personal jurisdiction over Defendants because, on information and belief, they created more than one hundred Apple IDs to carry out their attacks and also agreed to Apple’s iCloud Terms and Conditions (“iCloud Terms”), including a mandatory and enforceable forum selection and exclusive jurisdiction clause that constitutes express consent to the jurisdiction of this Court
In Apple’s complaint, it breaks down how the attack worked — using the Apple IDs it created, NSO would send data to a target via iMessage (after determining that they were using an iPhone), which was maliciously crafted to turn off the iPhone’s logging. That would then let NSO secretly install the Pegasus spyware and control what was being collected on the phone. Apple says that the specific vulnerability that NSO was using was patched in iOS 14.8, which you can read more about here. The summary is that NSO was sending files that exploited a bug in how iMessage rendered GIFs and PDFs.
Apple says in its press release that, thanks to improvements it’s made to iOS 15 security, it “has not observed any evidence of successful remote attacks against devices running iOS 15 and later versions.” When the Pegasus Project was publishing its reports in July, Amnesty International said that the latest versions of iOS (at the time iOS 14.6) were susceptible to attack.
For more information about the reporting done on Pegasus, its capabilities, and its potential targets, see our explainer.


    Related
  
NSO’s Pegasus spyware: here’s what we know

In addition to its lawsuit against NSO, Apple says it’ll be supporting “organizations pursuing cybersurveillance research and advocacy,” both financially and with technical resources. The company says it’ll distribute $10 million (plus any damages it wins from its lawsuit) to groups working on counter-surveillance and pledges in its press release to give free “technical, threat intelligence, and engineering assistance” to Citizen Lab, a group of researchers that were involved with the Pegasus Project and that helped Apple discover and patch NSO’s exploits. Apple also says it’ll do the same for other organizations “where appropriate.”
NSO was recently added to the US Entity List, which limits the ways American companies can sell or provide their technology to the company. According to a report by the MIT Technology Review, the sanction has been seriously detrimental both to employee morale at NSO Group, and the company’s ability to do business. The report says the company has to request permission from the US government to purchase items like laptops running Windows and iPhones, and that the government has said its default decision would be to turn down those requests.



Updated November 23rd, 3:36PM ET: Added context about sanctions against NSO, and the alleged misuse of Pegasus.

PlayStation has been hit with a lawsuit that alleges gender discrimination and wrongful termination, as first reported by Axios. According to the details of the lawsuit, former IT security analyst Emma Majo is seeking to establish a class action suit to represent other women who might’ve been affected by PlayStation’s alleged gender discrimination. The lawsuit claims that “Sony tolerates and cultivates a work environment that discriminates against female employees,” alleging that women were denied promotions and weren’t paid equally to male workers who held similar positions.
 This comes less than a week after PlayStation boss Jim Ryan sent out an email to employees condemning Activision Blizzard’s response to reports of CEO Bobby Kotick’s alleged abusive behavior and history of harassment during his 30 years at the company. 
In the company-wide notice, Ryan stated that he was “disheartened and frankly stunned to read” that Activision Blizzard “has not done enough to address a deep-seated culture of discrimination and harassment.” He also said that PlayStation doesn’t think Blizzard’s “statements of response properly address the situation.”
The lawsuit against Sony describes Majo’s experience as a female employee at Sony from 2015 to 2021, alleging she was continually denied an answer about how to get a promotion and claims that she was demoted because of her inquiries about it. Majo also claims that she heard managers “make gender-biased comments about female workers” that implied women are more “emotional” and “less professional” than male employees.
Majo claims that she was wrongfully terminated “because she is female”
Majo submitted a signed statement to Sony that addressed the company’s supposed gender bias in 2021, the suit claims. She got fired “soon after,” allegedly due to the closure of a department that Majo says she didn’t belong to. Instead, Majo argues that she was wrongfully terminated “because she is female and because she spoke up about discrimination against females.”
The Verge reached out to Sony with a request for comment but didn’t immediately hear back.

The organizers behind ConstitutionDAO have decided to shut the group down after raising $47 million in cryptocurrency and then failing to win an auction for a rare copy of the US Constitution.
Many members of ConstitutionDAO had expressed hope that the group could live on, albeit with some alternative goal given that there are currently no other famous copies of the Constitution at auction. Group leaders initially floated launching a new token for members who wanted to take part in the group’s continuation, called We The People tokens, but later backtracked, saying they should have given it more consideration. It was never made clear what, exactly, the group might focus on if it were to continue.
“The community has taken all actions that it was organized to accomplish.”
Now, five days after the auction, group organizers say they’re shutting down ConstitutionDAO for good. “The community has taken all actions that it was organized to accomplish,” Graham Novak, a ConstitutionDAO organizer, wrote in the group’s Discord. The Discord channel will remain operational for the next two weeks, then shift into a read-only mode.
“We have determined that building and maintaining an ongoing project is not something that we as a core team are able to support, given the technical and administrative requirements of doing it properly,” Novak wrote. He said there will be “no time limit” on claiming refunds for those who contributed Ether for the auction.
Organizers didn’t say how much money has been returned via refunds yet, but there’s been concern that contributors may get back much less than they put in. Gas fees — the transaction fee you have to pay to accomplish things on the Ethereum network — are fairly high, even for something as basic as sending money to another party. So someone who sent their money to ConstitutionDAO and now requests it back may find themselves with a lot less after paying for the round-trip journey.
Novak calls ConstitutionDAO a “landmark event” that showed the power of “web3.” The group organized rapidly over the course of a week in an attempt to win an early printing of the US Constitution at an auction at Sotheby’s. The group ultimately lost to Ken Griffin, a billionaire hedge fund CEO, who bought the document for $43 million. ConstitutionDAO organizers later said spending more would have left too little money to care for the document.
“It is our sincere hope that this project will spark many others,” Novak writes.

The home security experts at Simplisafe are offering big discounts on their home security systems during a Black Friday sale that runs until December 1st. This sale is marking down any new security system by up to 60 percent and will throw in a free indoor camera for your trouble. (If you’re still shopping around, make sure to pay a visit to our Black Friday hub with ongoing coverage of the best early Black Friday deals.)
Our own smart home expert, Jennifer Pattison Tuohy, says that “Simplisafe is a good, easy-to-use smart security system that doesn’t rely solely on an app — you can manage the whole system from its keypad. It also has a decent selection of smart home devices to add on to your system, including an excellent door lock and new outdoor camera.”
We largely consider Simplisafe products to be a solid value for anyone looking to step up their home security. However, Simplisafe products aren’t compatible with any products outside of their ecosystem and require ongoing subscriptions to continue monitoring. The standard plan costs $15 a month, but if you want to access your system through their mobile app, expect to pay $25 a month.
If you’re at a bit of a loss when it comes to home security, Simplisafe has a few pre-fab options for you to consider that we’ve listed below. Just note that the 60 percent discount requires you to sign up for a free month of interactive monitoring. This isn’t a huge deal, as you can cancel after your first month and still reap the benefits. Every system, whether you build your own or use a suggestion from Simplisafe, still gets a free indoor camera.

















Simplisafe “The Essentials”




                $110
              

                $275
              

                  60% off
                





This system comes with a single Base Station, a Keypad, and a Motion Sensor, as well as three entryway sensors.







              $110
              

at Simplisafe
            






















Simplisafe “The Hearth”




                $156
              

                $390
              

                  60% off
                





This nine-piece kit includes all the basics from “The Essentials” but includes a Smoke Detector, Wireless Siren, and a Key Fob.







              $156
              

at Simplisafe
            






















Simplisafe “The Knox”




                $186
              

                $465
              

                  60% off
                





The Knox kit comes with everything found in “The Hearth” but gives you an additional Motion Sensor and double the amount of Entryway Sensors.







              $186
              

at Simplisafe
            












        Sign up for the
        
          newsletter
        
      
      Verge Deals
    
Subscribe to get the best Verge-approved tech deals of the week.






Just one more thing!
Please confirm your subscription to Verge Deals via the verification email we just sent you.




Email (required)






        By signing up, you agree to our Privacy Notice and European users agree to the data transfer policy.
        
      
Subscribe






On a volcanic rock just off the coast of Antarctica, McMurdo Station is abuzz with scientific research this time of year. Run by the US National Science Foundation, the station sees up to 1,000 visitors in the Antarctic summer from October to February, who travel here to conduct research on topics ranging from climate to ocean science.
But despite its central role in Antarctic research, McMurdo is lacking something most scientists working at 21st-century laboratories take for granted: high-speed internet. 
McMurdo sits on the only continent that doesn’t have a high-speed fiber optic cable connection to the rest of the world. That could soon change, however.
Earlier this year, the NSF began seriously exploring the possibility of building a fiber optic cable that would travel along the seafloor from Antarctica to neighboring New Zealand or Australia. The idea was first raised a little over a decade ago but lost traction as other projects took priority. If this latest effort to modernize Antarctica’s internet is a success, scientists say it would transform both research and daily life on the frozen continent. 
“It would change the fundamental experience of living in Antarctica,” said Peter Neff, glaciologist and assistant research professor at the University of Minnesota. 










A proposed high-speed fiber line could connect McMurdo Station to New Zealand.
National Science Foundation


Today, researchers working in Antarctica rely on low-bandwidth satellites to communicate with the outside world. Compared with a typical rural household, the amount of bandwidth available per person at McMurdo is limited, says Patrick Smith, technology development manager at the NSF.  Researchers often have to store their data on hard drives to physically bring back home rather than exporting it for their colleagues to analyze in real time. This creates a bottleneck that slows scientific research.
In late June, the NSF sponsored a three-day workshop that brought together US and international researchers to discuss the transformative potential of a fiber optic cable to Antarctica, including how it will impact research, education, and the well-being of those who spend time at McMurdo Station. In October, workshop organizers released an extensive report highlighting key points, potential routes, and how the fiber optic cable could be harnessed to collect additional scientific data in this remote realm.
Participants at the conference said daily life and research at McMurdo Station would change in myriad ways if a fiber optic connection became available. Researchers could livestream daily operations instead of relying on archival recorders, weather forecasting could be improved, satellite images could be analyzed in real time, cybersecurity could be advanced, and project participation could be broadened beyond those conducting the research in the field. 
“Having that type of interactivity allows for people to imagine themselves in that situation”
In addition to analyzing data more efficiently, the physical presence of the cable could make it possible to collect new kinds of data. For instance, the fibers in the cable could be used to collect seismic data via a new technique called “distributed acoustic sensing.” Sensors could be added to the cable to make continuous observations of temperature and pressure in Antarctica’s Southern Ocean, a key site for understanding how quickly climate change is unfolding. The Southern Ocean is poorly observed, Neff says, and as temperatures rise, such continuous observations in real time could greatly improve scientists’ understanding of it.
Beyond the research opportunities, faster internet would make it easier for station visitors to get in touch with their family, their colleagues outside of Antarctica, and the broader public. 
“We’re looking at this as a transformative opportunity”
“Having that type of interactivity allows for people to imagine themselves in that situation and see what that work is like day to day,” says Antarctic filmmaker Ariel Waldman.
In 2018, Waldman traveled to Antarctica for five weeks to film life under the ice through NSF’s Antarctica Artist and Writers Program. Waldman said that having faster internet will make a big difference for science communication because it will allow communicators to interact with people outside of Antarctica in real time. 
Although a high-speed internet connection could offer many benefits, some scientists also worry about how such a change will impact the culture in McMurdo Station. 










Ross Island Earth Station, an antenna intended to supply satellite internet to McMurdo next year.
United States Antarctic Program


“Another important conversation is how it would change the way that the community functions,” Neff said. Antarctic research stations are tight-knit communities because of their isolation, Neff explained. Full connectivity could change a lot, including how researchers interact with each other and how focused they are on fieldwork versus events back home.
The next step in making Antarctica’s high-speed internet upgrade a reality is a formal desktop and engineering design study that NSF will be conducting with assistance from the Department of Defense. Completing that study, which will include pricing out the cable and related infrastructure, studying the route, and developing a schedule for getting everything installed, is a key milestone. After that, NSF will decide whether to proceed with the project.
“Improving the communications will remove some burdens, make it a lot easier for [people] to be deployed in the field, and extend the experience to folks that couldn’t deploy,” Smith said. “We’re looking at this as a transformative opportunity.” 

Mozilla announced last week via a support article that its Firefox Lockwise password manager app will reach end-of-life on December 13th. The final release versions are 1.8.1 (iOS) and 4.0.3 (Android) and will no longer be available to download or reinstall after that date.
What started in 2018 as a small experimental mobile app called Lockbox ended up bringing a way to access saved passwords and perform autofills on iOS, Android, and desktop devices to a small but enthusiastic following of Firefox fans. The app was also later adapted as a Firefox extension. It seemed like it was apt to stick around for the long run.










The login screen for the Lockwise app in iOS advertises Mozilla’s other active products like Mozilla VPN and Firefox Monitor.


The support article recommends that users continue accessing passwords using the native Firefox browsers on desktop and mobile. In an added note on the support site, Mozilla suggests that later in December, the Firefox iOS app will gain the ability to manage Firefox passwords systemwide. The note alludes to Mozilla adopting the features of Lockwise and eventually integrating them into the Firefox browser apps natively on all platforms.
With many layoffs last year, it's no surprise Mozilla continues to streamline the projects it keeps on its plate. The company, over the years, took down the team building the operating system behind the defunct Firefox phone, shut down its file transfer tool, and spun off its Thunderbird email platform.

Polestar teased its gorgeous sedan concept, the Polestar Precept, giving it a new name — Polestar 5 — and a 2024 production date. 
The company first revealed the Precept in concept form back in February, with sporty intentions, a software system powered by Google’s Android, and an interior chock-full of sustainable material. This week, Polestar posted a video in which we got the closest look at the new car yet. 
The company first revealed the Precept in concept form back in February
Polestar, which started out as the performance sub-brand of Volvo, has emerged as one of the more interesting EV companies on the market. The company, which is jointly owned by Volvo and Volvo’s parent company, Geely, recently announced plans to go public by merging with a special acquisition company, or SPAC. 
Polestar has only released two vehicles so far: the $155,000 hybrid coupe Polestar 1 and the all-electric fastback sedan Polestar 2. The Polestar 3, an electric crossover SUV, is expected to be revealed in late 2021. The fourth vehicle is also expected to be an SUV. 
The Polestar 5 is a four-door sedan with a hatchback in the rear. The company is calling it “an electric performance 4-door Grand Touring car,” which likely will mean it will compete with other luxury EVs, like the Tesla Model S, Mercedes-Benz EQS, Audi E-tron GT, and Lucid Air. 

Polestar declined to release most of the relevant specs, including price, battery size, range, and motor configuration. For what it’s worth, the Polestar 2 sports a 78kWh battery pack, which enables 291 miles (470 kilometers) of range. The electric motor puts off 408 horsepower, allowing for a 0–60 time in under five seconds. 
When it was first released in concept form, the company laid out the Precept’s environmental bona fides: interior panels and seat backs are made out of “flax-based composites”; seats that have been “3D-knitted from recycled PET [or polyethylene terephthalate] bottles”; bolsters and headrests made from recycled cork vinyl; and carpets made out of reclaimed fishing nets.
Polestar also has teased a deeper integration of Android Automotive, Google’s native infotainment system, in the Precept. The sedan will recognize the driver as they approach the car and automatically ready their favorite applications and settings. Google Assistant would recognize more languages, including local accents, and be capable of more natural conversations. Polestar also imagines video streaming becoming a bigger component of the in-car experience — while parked or during charging, of course.

The Asus ROG Phone 5S and ROG Phone 5S Pro are finally available in the US. You can snag the 5S model with 16GB of RAM for $1,099 on Amazon and Mobile Advance. The 5S model also has an option for 12GB of RAM, but there’s currently no option to order that one on either site.
On the higher end of the scale, the 5S Pro packs 18GB of RAM and goes for $1,299 on Amazon and Mobile Advance. Just keep in mind that while you can get the 5S in both black and white, the 5S Pro only comes in black.

Both gaming phones have the Snapdragon 888 Plus, which should offer a small boost in performance when compared to the standard Snapdragon 888 that the Asus ROG Phone 5 and 5 Ultimate come with. The 5S and 5S Pro also offer an improved 360Hz touch-sampling rate, as opposed to 300Hz in previous ROG Phone 5 models. Other than that, the phones offer similar specs to the Asus ROG Phone 5 Ultimate, such as a 6.78-inch display, 144Hz refresh rate, 6,000mAh battery, and a 64MP camera, which you can check out in our full review.
Before arriving in the US, the ROG Phone 5S and 5S Pro initially went on sale in Taiwan in August, later reaching European markets in early November.

I won’t mince words: the 2021 Audi RS E-tron GT is hands down one of the best electric cars I’ve ever driven. It’s gorgeous, sophisticated, incredibly powerful, but it is also very, very expensive.
The E-tron GT is the perfect example of why sometimes it pays to be part of a global conglomerate like the Volkswagen Group. Rather than try to cram its pre-existing EV architecture into a sportier package, Audi simply borrowed the one used by its sister company Porsche for its first all-electric sports car, the Taycan.
The result is everything an electric sports sedan is supposed to be: fast, opulent, and a bit stubborn in its adherence to traditional design. While some electric cars are just high-end computers in the shape of a car, the Audi E-tron GT is interested in being a car first. There’s no oppressively huge touchscreen, no undercooked semi-autonomous safety system, nothing that should give anyone with a big enough bank account any reason to pause before clicking “yes” on a purchase. 
fast, opulent, and a bit stubborn in its adherence to traditional design
Some would argue that the E-tron GT is just a rebodied Taycan, and they’d be totally right. And what’s wrong with that? The Taycan is also a fantastic electric sports car. They were developed alongside each other and share an impressive 800-volt architecture that enables quick charging. The E-tron GT’s dual electric motors — one in the front axle and one in the rear — enable between 522 and 637 horsepower depending on the model and an innovative two-speed transmission that makes for breathtaking take-offs. 
But all that elegance and power don’t come cheap. The Audi RS E-tron GT, which starts at $140,000, is more expensive than the Taycan, the Tesla Model S, and the Mercedes-Benz EQS. It’s also pricier than the Audi RS7, which is a luxurious speed demon in its own right. As far as I can tell, it’s more expensive than most luxury EVs, a segment that is growing rapidly. 




Grandly touring 
Normally, when I get a loaned vehicle, I try to integrate it into my everyday life: taking the kids to school, groceries, errands, etc. But the E-tron GT demanded a different tact. It’s not that I couldn’t bring myself to sully the backseat with a car seat or let my kids wipe their dirty sneakers on the seatbacks. Rather, it was because the E-tron GT is a sophisticated driving machine and demands to be treated with respect. 
Stand on the accelerator, and you can see why. The RS E-tron GT boasts 440kW, or about 590 horsepower, and in overboost mode, that number jumps to 637 horsepower. It can sprint to 60mph (100 km/h) in 3.3 seconds — not as quick as 2.2 seconds boasted by the Taycan Turbo S, but certainly impressive when you consider the E-Tron GT weighs over 5,000 pounds. 
I’ve driven enough EVs that the thrill of near-instantaneous torque has lost a bit of its shine. Nonetheless, the RS E-tron GT managed to get my blood pumping every time I stomped on that accelerator: the skittering sound of fall leaves blasting out from under the back 21-inch tires, and then a whoosh as I was shoved back into the leather seats. (Artificial leather and microfiber are also available as an option.)
The steering felt accurate, and the slight body roll felt necessary to give the driver a good sense of the road. The RS gets torque-vectoring and rear-axle steering as standard, while base model owners will need to cough up an extra $6,000 for those features. The wedge-shaped body handled itself ably on especially curvy roads, and the brakes were extremely efficient at hauling the Audi down from speed — which is good because, when driving this car, you tend to use the brakes a lot. 
the brakes were extremely efficient at hauling the Audi down from speed
Unlike some competitors, Audi doesn’t offer one-pedal driving that is typically offered in most EVs. The maximum regenerative braking, which is activated by plus- and minus-paddles on the steering column, doesn’t slow the car down that much. The result is an electric sedan that drives imperceptibly from a conventional gas-powered one, which could help win some fans who are skeptical about shifting to battery power but may disappoint fans of one-pedal driving. 
One of the neatest features is the ability to adjust what Audi calls the “listener experience,” which is another way of describing the artificial sounds the car makes at low speeds. Electric cars are legally required to make an external noise so other road users can hear them coming. Audi took what could have been a dull task and made it quirky. Among the sound samples used were a model helicopter and a didgeridoo.
It’s not impossible to pick out the sonic nuances while driving the E-tron GT, but the overall effect is kind of lost. You’re left with a digital whirring sound that is not that dissimilar from a variety of other EVs I’ve driven recently. And my brain is not so far gone as to prefer it over a V10 engine roar. 











The E-tron GT makes an artificial sound at low speed.
Photo by Phil Esposito / The Verge



 









RS translates from the German Renn Sport, which literally means racing sport. 
Photo by Andrew Hawkins / The Verge



 









There are two charging ports, one on either side.
Photo by Phil Esposito / The Verge





Charging ahead
When charging the Audi RS E-tron GT, you inevitably run into the same problems as you would with every electric car that isn’t a Tesla: the lack of a proprietary network of EV chargers. That said, the E-tron GT doesn’t lack in options. There are connections for alternating current on both sides, and on the right, there is also a connection for direct current.
Audi advertises 232 miles of range on a full battery, which falls far short of other similarly priced luxury EVs, like the Model S (412 miles), EQS (350 miles), or Lucid Air (520 miles). I didn’t tackle any steep hills, so presumably, the E-tron GT’s battery drained at a normal rate while I had the vehicle. 
Audi claims that its 800-volt system enables ultra-fast charging. Just five minutes on a high-speed charging network like Volkswagen’s Electrify America, and the E-tron GT will recover 100 kilometers, or 62 miles, of range. As always, the company is assuming a rate of charge that typically exceeds what most chargers, even fast chargers, actually dole out. 
 









Audi does not have its own charging network, like Tesla.
Photo by Andrew Hawkins / The Verge



It took several days of driving to drain the battery below 40 percent. I charged it once at home using the 120-volt outlet in my garage, only adding a couple miles of range after a full eight hours of trickle charging. I also charged it at a public DC fast charger, where it took 42 minutes to charge from 45 percent to 80 percent. That was at a 45kW rate — less than half the advertised top rate of 150kW. 
It should be noted that Audi does not have its own charging network, like Tesla. But the automaker is offering a couple of workarounds, including three years of complimentary DC fast charging through VW’s Electrify America. (There’s that synergy again!) Audi E-tron GT customers can also get discounted in-home charging installations through a partnership with EV charging provider Qmerit. Still, it won’t be enough to assuage any of the charging anxiety many EV-hesitant car buyers experience.











The micro-suede steering wheel is incredible.
Photo by Phil Esposito / The Verge



 









The rear-facing camera also offers a cool 3D rendering of the vehicle.
Photo by Andrew Hawkins / The Verge



 









There is a lot of carbon fiber in this car.
Photo by Phil Esposito / The Verge





Hop inside
To step inside the E-tron GT is to enter a familiar world. There’s a touchscreen display and physical buttons for the HVAC system. The air vents are real air vents. There’s a center console, gear stalk, and other physical touchpoints that may seem quaint in an EV world dominated by Tesla. This is not an aggressively minimized EV interior, nor is it one designed to overwhelm the senses. Sure, there’s a lot of carbon fiber — maybe too much? — but the overall look and feel of the interior is sleek and compact. 
Front-seat space is generous, but the cockpit is noticeably narrow, and the view out the back window is limited. I think I may have pulled a muscle trying to get in and out of this car, thanks to the low height and smallish door openings. The RS model comes with black leather sport seats with red stitching, which really hug your body and are designed with 14 different adjustable settings, climate control, massage functions — you name it. The steering wheel was covered in a soft suede that was absolutely dynamite to touch. 
Front-seat space is generous, but the cockpit is noticeably narrow
One of the odder features is the inclusion of a touch-sensitive knob to control the volume on the center console between the seats. Tim Stevens from Roadshow likens it to the infamous click-wheel on an iPod, and I have to agree. But while he found it awkwardly placed, I grew to really like it, to the point where I missed it while driving other vehicles. Of course, you can still control the volume from the steering wheel, but it seemed like a nice touch for passengers who may want to skip tracks or adjust the volume without having to futz with the touchscreen. 
 









The Audi RS E-tron GT is an incredible car to drive, full stop.
Photo by Andrew Hawkins / The Verge



The base model E-tron GT comes with a glass roof that can’t be opened and isn’t tinted enough to block the sun. The RS version that I drove, however, swaps that out for an all-carbon-fiber roof. The vehicle already tips the scales at 5,000 pounds, so it seems like Audi went with the carbon fiber to save a little bit of weight. 
The 10.1-touchscreen runs on Audi’s totally serviceable MIB3 software, which wirelessly supports both Apple CarPlay and Android Auto. One of my favorite features was the backup camera, which includes a 3D rendering of the vehicle to help navigate those especially tight parking spaces. Otherwise, the infotainment system was pretty bland. I liked the built-in nav system — the directional cues were easy to follow, and the map itself wasn’t overly cluttered — but considering it runs off of a Google API, there was no compelling reason not to just run Google Maps through CarPlay instead. 
the infotainment system was pretty bland
I was not impressed with the parking assist feature that is supposed to guide the vehicle into a parking space with limited input from the driver. The interface was opaque, and eventually, I gave up on trying to make it work. The driver-assist system was fine, though you’ll have to pay $2,250 to get advanced features like lane-keep assist and adaptive cruise control. And why would you want some software driving your RS E-tron GT for you anyway? 
 









Audi is entering a very crowded segment.
Photo by Phil Esposito / The Verge



A crowded segment
It’s been nearly a decade since the Tesla Model S kicked off the EV race with its graceful blend of technological efficiency and addictively fun driving style. Since then, the rest of the auto industry has piled into the luxury EV segment, bringing their own unique style while trying to improve on Tesla’s well-established issues with fit-and-finish. 
In addition to the refreshed Model S Plaid (released this year), we’ve got the Mercedes-Benz EQS, Jaguar I-Pace, Polestar 2, and Porsche Taycan, which is the spiritual cousin to the E-tron GT. Other vehicles slated for imminent release include the Cadillac Lyriq, BMW i4, Lexus LF-Z, and Lucid Air. 
The luxury electric market is clearly in overdrive, and the RS E-tron GT is the latest example of the type of sophisticated driving machine you can get with enough money in the bank. It doesn’t beat Tesla on range, nor does it do much to improve on the Taycan, which comes in a slightly less expensive package. 
What it does offer is a design that is exclusively Audi. It’s a polished, villainous entrant to the luxury EV market, and it sets the stage for more to come.  

Fortnite maker Epic Games has announced its latest acquisition: Harmonix, the studio behind iconic music games like Guitar Hero and Rock Band.
In a blog post, Harmonix said that support for existing games like Rock Band and Fuser would continue. The studio also explained its plans to expand into — what else? — the metaverse. “Now, we’ll be working with Epic to once again challenge expectations as we bring our unique brand of musical gaming experiences to the metaverse, and we couldn’t be more excited,” the blog post reads. As part of this, Epic says that the studio will “develop musical journeys and gameplay for Fortnite.”
Music has become an increasing focus for Epic, following the big success of virtual concerts inside of Fortnite from the likes of Travis Scott and Ariana Grande. And according to the company, scooping up Harmonix fits into that musical focus. “Music is already bringing millions of people together in Fortnite, from our emotes to global concerts and events,” Alain Tascan, Epic’s VP of game development, said in a statement. “Together with the Harmonix team, we will transform how players experience music, going from passive listeners to active participants.”
Epic has made a number of high-profile acquisitions in the game development space over the last few years, including Rocket League studio Psyonix and Mediatonic, the team behind Fall Guys.

Have you ever played Pokémon Go and thought “I wish this game let you earn small amounts of Bitcoin by engaging with internet finance memes and a cryptocurrency debit card system”? If so, I don’t believe you, but I have good news.
Fold AR is a new augmented reality game from Pokémon Go developer Niantic and the financial company Fold. The game — which a press release dubs part of the metaverse — is very loosely modeled on Pokémon Go but themed around cryptocurrency. As explained by Fold CEO Will Reeves, it runs with the metaphor of “mining” Bitcoin. So instead of capturing cute monsters, the central mechanic involves finding cubes of binary code and tapping them like Minecraft blocks until they reveal a prize.










The prizes include Bitcoin in the denomination of Satoshis, a very small unit currently worth around 1/20th of a penny. They also include power-ups for Fold, which already gamifies card purchases through an app that lets you spin a wheel and win Bitcoin rewards.
Unlike Pokémon Go and other Niantic games, though, Fold AR (which is launched from inside the Fold app) is not currently set in a world full of virtual places that correspond to real-world locations. Instead, the game spawns a block between 1 and 50 feet away from the player every 10 minutes, mirroring the rate of real Bitcoin mining. The team hopes to launch other features beginning early next year, potentially including a geocaching-like multiplayer system that lets you hide Bitcoin for friends to find, as well as some form of non-fungible token, or NFT, system based on Bitcoin.
The app is supposed to make Bitcoin feel more tangible
Reeves says the goal is partly to make a virtual currency feel real by creating an AR setting for it. The game is filled with cryptocurrency and meme stock in-jokes, featuring mechanics with names like “Diamond Hands.” But it’s supposed to appeal to both cryptocurrency newcomers and existing fans — “This is a wonderful experience to share with people,” says Reeves. It’s also reminiscent of the financial gamification found in non-crypto investing app Robinhood.
More broadly, Fold AR is part of a trend called “play to earn” that gives players cryptocurrency rewards instead of purely in-game currency. The NFT-based play-to-earn game Axie Infinity has spawned a complicated economy over the past few years, although that seems far less likely here.
Reeves suggested that Niantic might look at Fold AR features — including the play-to-earn system — for inspiration. However, he said that there was no official roadmap for anything like adding financial features to any existing Niantic game. He also didn’t disclose precisely what parts of the game Niantic developed.
In a statement, Niantic’s Megan Hughes said that “games always help us push the boundaries of technology and allow us to incubate some of our most audacious thinking, but we see incredible opportunity in multiple categories, including payments.” It’s not a totally new turn for the studio — Ingress featured advertising partnerships with Duane Reade and JambaJuice, among other companies. But with Niantic also increasingly focused on AR glasses, it could offer a sign about what kind of experiences that might involve.

The Black Friday season just keeps on rolling, and we keep seeing such exceptional early deals day in and day out. If things keep up at this rate, we may all go broke by the time Black Friday actually arrives — but wow, will we have saved so much money on the coolest tech in the process. 
As the days go on, we continue to track the latest deals we can find for you. That means we’re constantly updating our ongoing deal coverage while we check new deals that are worthy of your attention. 
Today is no exception, where we have the best price ever on the AirPods Pro. The latest revision of the AirPods Pro, complete with its MagSafe-compatible charging case, has dropped to a historical low of just $159 at Walmart as well as Amazon. That is a whole $90 off the usual price and a steeper discount than anyone else is offering. Walmart initially required a Walmart Plus subscription, but it’s now available to all and Amazon has matched it. The AirPods Pro need no introduction, as they are one of the best active noise-canceling pairs of earbuds available on the market for iPhone and Mac users, with deep iOS integration and support for Apple’s immersive spatial audio feature. Read our review.


    Related
  
The best Black Friday deals on true wireless earbuds
The Verge Holiday Gift Guide 2021


















Apple AirPods Pro (with MagSafe charging case)




                $159
              

                $249
              

                  37% off
                





Apple’s flagship earbuds improve on the regular AirPods with better sound quality, excellent active noise cancellation, and immersive spatial audio. The latest revision also includes MagSafe charging built into the case.







              $159
              

at Walmart
            





              $159
              

at Amazon
            





If gaming is your jam, but your life needs a little more flexibility to squeeze in short play sessions, many people suggest a Nintendo Switch. While the Switch is a great console worth owning, there are some game franchises you can’t play on it. Luckily, the Backbone One controller offers mobile users a bit of that Switch-like portability by combining your iPhone with game streaming services like Xbox Game Pass Ultimate or your very own desktop via Steam Link. It’s also just a very good controller for many of the exceptional titles available on Apple Arcade.
The Backbone One is currently available directly from Backbone Labs for $15 off, knocking the price down to its lowest yet at $85. It also comes with three months of Xbox Game Pass Ultimate for free. Note that if you have an iPhone 13 Pro or Pro Max, be sure to check the box for a free, 3D-printed adapter that will ship separately. Backbone can also provide you with a printable STL file if you have a printer of your own. Read our review.


    Related
  
Backbone releases free adapter and 3D-print files for iPhone 13 Pro camera bump issue


















Backbone One iPhone controller




                $85
              

                $100
              

                  15% off
                





The Backbone One mobile controller can connect to iPhones as far back as the 6S generation through the Lightning port. It’s a fully featured controller complete with dual analog sticks, a headphone jack, and its own software for capturing screenshots and connecting to game streaming services.







              $85
              

at Backbone
            





Like the idea of using your phone as a game streaming hub, but you prefer Android over iOS? We’ve got you covered with a great deal as well. The Razer Kishi mobile controller for Android is a solid alternative to the Backbone One and nearly half the price. Amazon has the Android-compatible Kishi for just $45, a discount of $35. This is a new historic low price for Razer’s mobile controller, and it’s compatible with all the popular streaming services, including Xbox Game Pass Ultimate, Nvidia GeForce Now, Google Stadia, and Steam Link. Read our review.

















Razer Kishi




                $45
              

                $80
              

                  44% off
                





Razer’s Switch-like controller is designed for mobile gaming and Microsoft’s xCloud gaming service.







              $45
              

at Amazon
            





A few more early Black Friday and daily deals 

The Apple Watch Series 7 has received its best discount so far. Amazon is shaving $20 off the 41mm, aluminum models with GPS, dropping them down to $380. This includes the blue, red, green, and silvery starlight colorways. Read our review.
Apple’s third-gen AirPods, released just last month with improved sound quality over their predecessors and IPX4 water resistance, are currently discounted to $165 at Woot if you’re an Amazon Prime subscriber. If you don’t have Prime, you can still get the deal for $170. Read our review.
The popular Fujifilm X-T4 mirrorless camera is $200 off at Amazon and B&H Photo for the body only, in either black or silver. Read our initial hands-on.
If you’re filming video or shooting wide-aperture photos with a system camera in bright light, a variable neutral density filter can be a huge asset. B&H Photo has a daily deal for up to 50 percent off of Tiffen variable NDs in 67mm, 72mm, 77mm, and 82mm sizes. There’s even a $20 mail-in rebate offer added on top, which can bring the 72mm down to just $40.








        Sign up for the
        
          newsletter
        
      
      Verge Deals
    
Subscribe to get the best Verge-approved tech deals of the week.






Just one more thing!
Please confirm your subscription to Verge Deals via the verification email we just sent you.




Email (required)






        By signing up, you agree to our Privacy Notice and European users agree to the data transfer policy.
        
      
Subscribe






Late this evening, NASA is launching a spacecraft the size of a refrigerator, sending it on a crash course with an asteroid in 2022 — and it’s all on purpose. This intentional self-destruction will tell us if slamming a spacecraft into an asteroid is enough to save Earth in the future if a massive space rock is headed our way.
The mission is called DART, or the Double Asteroid Redirect Mission, and its purpose is in the name. The spacecraft is going to try to redirect an asteroid in space for the first time. The idea is pretty simple: DART is going to ram into the object moving at roughly 15,000 miles per hour, transferring its momentum to the asteroid. This body slam should be enough to deflect the asteroid off its original path by a fraction of 1 percent. The asteroid DART is targeting doesn’t pose any threat to Earth, and there’s nothing the mission can do to change that. NASA just wants to see if bumping a space rock well ahead of time could change its direction enough so that over the long-term, it would whiz by a planet safely instead of hitting it.
Making asteroid impacts a preventable natural disaster
It’s a type of technique that we couldn’t have really considered 30 years ago, but with recent advances in technology, it might just be an option for saving the planet one day. “We’ve got the ability, with current technology, to be able to at least start to make asteroid impacts a preventable natural disaster,” Tom Statler, the program scientist for DART at NASA, tells The Verge.
Planetary Defense
A significant part of NASA’s overall charge is the concept of planetary defense: protecting Earth from asteroids or other space objects that might cross paths with our planet. It’s also the part of NASA’s mission that seems to capture the imaginations of the general public and Hollywood the most. Films like Armageddon and Deep Impact have envisioned various ways that NASA might try to stop an asteroid or comet heading toward our planet. Both of those films, though, see humans traveling to the space rock that would cause our impending doom — a scenario that would most likely never happen because of the immense complexity and safety issues such a mission would pose.
it’s still possible that we could be surprised one day
In Armageddon, humanity discovers an asteroid the size of Texas just 18 days away from hitting the planet. Such short notice for a planet-killing asteroid is also unlikely, as NASA is on a constant search for such rocks. Right now, our biggest workhorse asteroid hunters are the two Pan-STARRS telescopes in Haleakala in Hawaii, which scan the sky for asteroids we haven’t found yet. Once the rocks are spotted, scientists can figure out their paths around the Sun to see if they might ever intersect with our planet. So far, there are no asteroids that we know about that will pose a hazard in the next 100 years, and we’ve found most of the largest ones that could cause global devastation.
 









The vapor trail left by the Chelyabinsk meteor
Image: Alex Alishevskikh



However, it’s still possible that we could be surprised one day. NASA believes it has found only about 40 percent of all near-Earth asteroids that are larger than 140 meters, or 460 feet, across — the ones that would do unthinkable destruction if they were to hit a populated area. And we’ve been surprised by dangerous space rocks before. In 2013, a meteor the size of a house blasted apart in the skies over Chelyabinsk, Russia, without any warning, causing an explosion similar to 440,000 tons of TNT and injuring more than 1,600 people.
The Chelyabinsk meteor was thought to be just 18 meters, or 60 feet, across, and it still did major damage. That’s why NASA is really eager to find asteroids that are between 140 and 150 meters across. An impact from one could lead to mass casualties, refugee crises, political instability, supply chain disruptions, and more. “If the impact were in a populated area or a technology center, that could be very severe,” says Statler. “Even if the direct effects were very localized, it could have worldwide effects.”
The nudge
To prevent such a nightmare scenario, scientists have floated lots of different ideas. Some have suggested sending nuclear devices into space to either destroy a hazardous asteroid or blow up near it to create a shockwave that would knock it off course. However, launching nukes into space is tricky to navigate, considering their use in space is prohibited under international law. Plus, it’s just incredibly difficult to actually blow up asteroids, which are typically moving through space at upwards of 40,000 miles per hour.
NASA scientists think simply nudging an asteroid when it’s still relatively far from us is an easier solution. But NASA has never tried pushing an asteroid off its course before. With the DART mission, the space agency is starting off small. The mission is heading toward an asteroid named Didymos, which is about 2,500 feet wide or roughly the height of the Burj Khalifa, the world’s tallest building in Dubai. But that’s not the spacecraft’s end target. DART is actually going to smash itself into a moonlet asteroid that orbits around Didymos, called Dimorphos, that’s about 525 feet, or 160 meters, wide. The collision will transfer enough momentum to change Dimorphos’s orbit around the larger rock.
 









Radar images of Didymos and its moonlet taken in 2003.
Image: NASA



The problem, though, is we’ve actually never seen Dimorphos before. We just know that it’s orbiting around Didymos because it periodically passes in front of the asteroid, slightly dimming the light bouncing off the larger rock. Based on that dimming, scientists know the moonlet’s approximate size and the time it takes to orbit Didymos. The DART spacecraft — which will weigh 550 kilograms or 1,210 pounds at impact and is shaped like a big box — is expected to change the time it takes Dimorphos to orbit Didymos by at least 73 seconds, if not several minutes, after slamming into the moonlet. It’s a process that will lead to the complete destruction of DART, what Statler refers to as an “extreme smithereen-ing event.” 
But we really have no idea what kind of asteroid we’ll find when we get there, which creates uncertainty about exactly what will happen to Dimorphos. In fact, the asteroid is so small and dark that DART mission engineers may not see it until just an hour before the spacecraft hits.
we really have no idea what kind of asteroid we’ll find when we get there
“The thought right now is that it’s made out of the same thing as the main asteroid, but we don’t have any real proof of it because we don’t know anything about that moon,” Elena Adams, the DART mission systems engineer at John Hopkins Applied Physics Laboratory, tells The Verge. Based on past missions to asteroids, NASA is realizing that the surfaces of some asteroids are very fluid and crushable, almost like liquids. How that kind of material responds to an impact from a spacecraft like DART is unknown.
The good news is we should be able to see DART’s destruction. Just before impact, the main spacecraft will deploy a tiny spacecraft the size of a cereal box that will pass by Dimorphos three minutes after impact and record the resulting plume from the smash. That way, we’ll be sure that DART did its job.
Did it work?
Measuring a slight change in an asteroid’s path is no easy feat. But NASA has a plan for this. In the days and weeks following DART’s demise, astronomers will use telescopes to observe Didymos and Dimorphos, watching as the moonlet periodically dims the main asteroid. If the timing of those dims changes over time, that means the moonlet’s orbit has been altered and DART did its job.
For a more detailed look at how DART affected the Didymos system, the European Space Agency will launch a spacecraft called Hera in 2024 that will meet up with the binary pair in 2026. The mission will do a complete survey of the system to map out DART’s impact.










SpaceX’s Falcon 9 rocket in California, with DART on top
Image: NASA/Bill Ingalls


If DART turns out to be a success, imparting just a tiny change to the orbit of Dimorphos, that could jumpstart discussions about how to deal with a hazardous asteroid in the future. Perhaps we could bank a bunch of DART-like spacecraft on the ground, ready to deploy when we find an asteroid heading toward us. “It’s a broad discussion, inside and outside of government, to figure out how prepared do we want to be?” says Statler.
Before that happens, DART has to meet its fate, and that all begins with a launch. The spacecraft is set to take off on top of a SpaceX Falcon 9 rocket out of Vandenberg Space Force Base in California at 1:21AM ET on Wednesday, November 24th. For the mission team, it’s a bittersweet moment as they say goodbye to their spacecraft, sending it toward its doom. But it’s also a pretty cool experience. “I mean, how often do you get to crash $250 million spacecraft, right?” Adams says. “Not very often.”

Hawkeye is a few different things. It’s a chance to spend more time with one of the lesser-known Avengers, it’s an origin story for an up-and-coming hero, and it’s a detective drama set amidst the backdrop of Christmas in New York City as the MCU adds yet another genre to its all-enveloping fold. Most importantly, though, it’s a Marvel series that doesn’t take itself too seriously — making the first two episodes unexpectedly fun.
This review contains some light spoilers for the first two episodes of Hawkeye.
Though it’s named after the bow-wielding Avenger, Hawkeye really is a story about two people. Yes, one of those is Clint Barton (Jeremy Renner), a surly hero and one-time vigilante who is now doing his best to enjoy life with his kids who were originally killed as part of Thanos’ genocidal plan. In a stereotypical Christmas in New York montage, we see Clint and his family attending a musical (a goofy show about the Avengers that features a singing Hulk) and taking his kids out for Chinese food. As much as he tries to be happy, though, time and countless battles have taken their toll. He spaces out, gets annoyed when recognized in public, and now sports a hearing aid after standing too close to a few too many explosions.
The other side of the story is Kate Bishop (Hailee Steinfeld), who grew up idolizing Hawkeye to the point that she became a state champion archer. Their stories intersect when Kate rescues and then dons the costume of the Ronin — a key part of Clint’s story in the MCU — and gets into a fight with a criminal syndicate known as the Tracksuit Mafia. When Clint sees the Ronin suit on the news, he’s forced to ditch his idyllic family time to figure out what’s going on. Eventually, the two archers join forces, though, naturally, Clint is a reluctant partner.
There’s a mystery at play here surrounding the Ronin suit, but the highlight of the show is the growing, often adversarial, relationship between Kate and Clint. The original Hawkeye, of course, wants nothing to do with it. He’s just trying to fix everything as quickly as possible and get back to his family. At one point, he actually tells Kate that she’s ruining his Christmas. Meanwhile, this is a moment Kate has been dreaming about since she was young, and she doesn’t want to let it go. They have a great kind of combative chemistry, seemingly always approaching problems from the exact opposite perspective. At one point, Clint gives her his phone number but warns that it’s only for emergencies. No personal calls, or else he’ll “block and delete you.” As he walks away, Kate shouts out, “Call you later!” The chemistry is strong enough that even one of the least-charming characters in the MCU becomes likable.

This contrast between self-serious, cynical Clint and his more energetic and charming counterpart is what makes the show work early on. It extends beyond the characters as well. There are times when Hawkeye looks and feels like a gritty drama, like during its Daredevil-style fight sequences or when Clint is exasperated dealing with fans trying to take selfies with him in the bathroom.
But it’s balanced out nicely because of all the more lighthearted moments. Hawkeye is at its best when it’s putting Clint, in particular, in ridiculous scenarios; at one point, he’s forced to participate in a LARP despite very clearly not wanting to participate in the imaginary battle. My personal favorite moment was when a group of mobsters start bickering about NY real estate when someone makes fun of their warehouse hideout. There’s even a dog who eats pizza named Pizza Dog (just one of many nods to Matt Fraction and David Aja’s run on the Hawkeye comics).
Not everything about Hawkeye works — its serious moments can come off a little heavy-handed, like some “Thanos was right” graffiti in a bathroom, and I’m not fully sold on the Christmas theme just yet — but its first two episodes leave a solid initial impression. Like the best of the MCU on Disney Plus so far, including WandaVision and Loki, Hawkeye stands on its own just enough to largely avoid superhero fatigue. That could change as the show continues and connects more to the overarching MCU. But early on, it manages to make a show about the least-fun Avenger into something with a surprising amount of heart and humor.
Hawkeye debuts on Disney Plus on November 24th.

Electric boat startup Arc has raised $30 million just five months after coming out of stealth mode and has started putting its first prototype through its paces. The Series A funding round was led by Greg Reichow, a partner at Eclipse Ventures and a former vice president of production at Tesla. The round also includes existing Arc investors like Andreessen Horowitz and celebrities like Will Smith, Kevin Durant, and Sean “Diddy” Combs, who first put money into the startup in October through their own funds.
Arc aims to sell a limited number of its first electric boat, the 24-foot Arc One, at an extraordinary price of $300,000 before moving on to making more affordable boats. It plans to justify that price by promising a much lower cost of ownership than gas-powered boats, as well as far easier maintenance and upkeep. Arc founder Mitch Lee is also unabashed that the startup is targeting the types of high-net-worth individuals like the celebrities who’ve invested in the company as its first customers.
“That is very much an indication of where we want to take this company from a brand and lifestyle perspective,” Lee said in an interview with The Verge.
Like other startups, Arc is starting at the very high end
Arc plans for its first boat to have a 200kWh, 800-volt battery pack capable of powering an electric motor with at least 475 horsepower. It will have a top speed of around 40 miles per hour and can last about four hours under power before needing to be recharged — which the startup claims is plenty for a day out on the water. One big claimed advantage of the Arc One’s design over other early electric boats is that it can be used for watersports.
After that, Lee plans to take the money generated from Arc One sales and put it back into research and development to make a more affordable version that the startup could sell thousands of.


    Related
  
Electric boat startup Arc wants to make a big splash 

Lee told The Verge earlier this year that Arc was planning to move quickly, but he said this week that the investment from Eclipse will make it possible to accelerate the startup’s plans. Arc has already been testing a prototype on the water — Lee said one employee has even water skied behind it — and that Arc is “nearing completion on a pre-production version of the Arc One.” The company will begin limited production of the boat at its shop in Los Angeles, California, “in the coming weeks” and start deliveries “shortly thereafter,” Lee said. 
Arc already boasts a few former SpaceX employees, but Lee (who came from Credit Karma) said the new funding will help the startup hire in an increasingly competitive electric watercraft market — one that General Motors even dipped into this week when it announced an investment in Pure Watercraft, which makes electric motors and batteries for boats. 
Broadly, though, Lee said he thinks Arc has a lot of advantages when it comes to hiring talent that may otherwise have planned to go to automotive EV startups like Rivian or established players like Tesla. Arc employees are more likely to “own” a bigger portion of the development of the boat, as opposed to maybe just a side mirror like at a car company, he said. But most of all, Lee said, “boats are a fun product.”



In the fight against ongoing allegations of harassment, discrimination, and complaints of insufficient action to address such allegations, Activision Blizzard’s board of directors has announced that the publisher is forming a new committee.
The Activision Blizzard board of directors today announced that it has formed a ‘Workplace Responsibility Committee,’ initially comprised of two independent directors, to oversee the company’s progress in successfully implementing its new policies, procedures, and commitments to improve workplace culture and eliminate all forms of harassment and discrimination at the company.
The press release — delivered at an extremely late hour during an employee holiday week granted hours before the release of a damning Wall Street Journal report — seemingly reaffirms the board’s support for CEO Bobby Kotick, even as major publishers express concern about and evaluate relationships with Activision Blizzard.
Late last week, Nintendo joined Microsoft and PlayStation to become the latest publisher to internally criticize the company. According to a report from Fanbyte, Nintendo of America president Doug Bowser wrote an email saying, “I find these accounts distressing and disturbing. They run counter to my values as well as Nintendo’s beliefs, values, and policies.”
Activision Blizzard’s new committee will ensure regular progress updates to the board concerning key accountability measures while promising to add a “new, diverse director to the board.” Meanwhile, as external pressure mounts, a cohort of shareholders have demanded Kotick’s resignation while employees staged a second walkout and created a petition with over 1,800 signatures similarly demanding the CEO step down. 



Croatian electric bike manufacturer Greyp Bikes has a new majority shareholder: Porsche. The sports car manufacturer’s venture capital arm, Porsche Ventures, has held a stake of around 10 percent in the e-bike company since 2018. 
Greyp (pronounced like the fruit) was founded Mate Rimac — aka “Croatia’s Elon Musk” — the brainchild behind electric supercar startup Rimac Automobili. The company makes highly connected, extremely powerful electric mountain bikes, including the $10,000 flagship, full-suspension G6. The company sells its bikes in Europe and recently launched its US operations based in San Pedro, Calif. 
The investment is another sign of Porsche’s confidence in Rimac’s business prowess
The investment is another sign of Porsche’s confidence in Rimac’s business prowess. The automaker also owns a small stake in Rimac Automobili, which it bought at the same time it initially purchased shares in Greyp. Rimac recently announced that it was taking over Bugatti from Porsche’s parent company, Volkswagen, to form a new company called Bugatti Rimac. 
The increased investment comes at a time of accelerated growth in the world of e-bikes. Sales of e-bikes are growing faster than traditional bikes in most major markets. The pandemic was a big factor, with sales increasing 145 percent from 2019 to 2020, more than double the rate of non-motorized bikes, according to the market research firm NPD Group.
Porsche characterized the decision to take a controlling interest in Greyp as part of its broader plan to invest in zero- and low-emission vehicles, including plug-in hybrid vehicles and the all-electric Porsche Taycan. The company has said it will have a carbon neutral “balance sheet” by 2030. 
Porsche is no stranger to the world of e-bikes. Earlier this year, the automaker unveiled a pair of high-priced, full-suspension electric mountain bikes, the Sport and the Cross.
The Sport is a road bike intended for everyday use, with a full-suspension carbon fiber frame, integrated front and rear lights, Shimano mid-drive motor, and a $10,700 price tag. The Cross, which is more for off-roading adventures, sports a Shimano mid-drive, carbon fiber frame, and full suspension frame, in addition to Magura-MT Trail hydraulic disc brakes that are extra-large and “heat resistant.” It weighs 48.7 pounds and retails for $8,549.
Porsche is the latest company specializing in combustion engine vehicles to dip a toe into the world of electric two-wheelers. Often, when you hear about car companies releasing their own electric bikes, it’s just a brand licensing deal. (Think Jeep’s e-bike or those Hummer bikes from last decade.) Other times, it’s a much-hyped project that ends up falling victim to larger corporate cost-cutting, like General Motors’ Ariv e-bikes. But occasionally, something interesting emerges, like Harley-Davidson’s recently released Serial 1 e-bikes. 

Reddit will shut down its short-form video platform, Dubsmash, on February 22nd, 2022. After February, the app will no longer be available on apps stores and will stop functioning on devices that already have the app.
A competitor to TikTok, Dubsmash was acquired by Reddit late last year with the purpose of embedding its video creation tools into the larger platform. Now that the integration is nearing completion, Reddit is introducing a slew of new video creation tools to its own TikTok-like video feed, courtesy of the Dubsmash team that came over with the buyout.
“Our primary focus, in terms of the acquisition, was around bringing in the expertise from the team, as well as bringing in the technology that we had built over the past five years at Dubsmash,” said Suchit Dash, the vice president of video at Reddit and a co-founder of Dubsmash, in an interview with The Verge.








Photo by Reddit


As a part of the update, Reddit is overhauling its camera — it’s adding features that let you change the speed of your video, set a timer, adjust and trim multiple clips, as well as upload videos to the platform in landscape, portrait, and fill modes. Reddit is also devising exclusive lenses, including one that puts your (or your pet’s) face inside a slice of bread, as well as another that plants the antenna from Snoo (Reddit’s mascot) atop your head.
The platform is implementing a more full-featured editing screen as well, which should make it easier to edit videos in-app rather than force you to use external editing tools. It will now let you apply filters, add voiceovers, make volume adjustments, use stickers, rearrange your clips, and experiment with its drawing tool.
While a number of Dubsmash’s innovations are coming over to Reddit, it may struggle to recreate Dubsmash’s vibrant community. Since Dubsmash’s initial 2014 debut, the app became a hub for many Black and Latinx creators, who will have to jump to another app — or maybe even Reddit — ahead of its closure.
“We’re starting largely with our mobile clients, but we have ambition to go beyond that”
Dash said that video is now picking up in popularity on Reddit itself. “It’s one of our fastest-growing content types,” he said. This year alone, Reddit saw a 70 percent uptick in overall video hours watched, along with a 30 percent increase in daily active video viewers. Viewership for short videos, which Reddit defines as two seconds or less, has also risen by 50 percent quarter over quarter.
The platform launched a TikTok-style feed on its iOS app in August, featuring an endless stream of short videos that you can downvote, upvote, comment on, share, or award. When asked when the video feed would be coming to Android, Dash told The Verge that Reddit is “beginning the process of rolling that out on Android clients” and also hinted that the same video feed may be coming to web as well. 
“Our goal is to make sure that we can actually allow for everyone who’s on Reddit — regardless of the platform that they use — to have a great video experience,” Dash said. “We’re starting largely with our mobile clients, but we have ambition to go beyond that.”
As to whether Reddit has any plans to integrate sounds or music into its creation tools, which TikTok popularized and other social platforms like Snapchat and Instagram quickly caught on to, it looks like that’s not happening anytime soon. “We’re always really excited to see new use cases for creators, so no plans for us,” Dash told The Verge. “But we’re always exploring new ways of what we can bring to the community.”

Sustainable smartphone manufacturer Fairphone has released an Android 10 update for the six-year-old Fairphone 2, a device that originally launched with Android 5 in 2015. The update is in beta for the time being, but the company says it hopes to release a stable version early next year. Alongside it, the company also plans to start beta testing an Android 11 update for the 2019 Fairphone 3 and 2020 Fairphone 3 Plus.
Although getting an Android update two years after its original release wouldn’t normally be cause for celebration, it’s basically unheard of for an Android manufacturer to still be updating a handset six years after its original release. Only Apple comes close to these kinds of support periods and recently released its latest iOS 15 update for the 2015 iPhone 6S. 


Beta testing of Android 10 for Fairphone 2 starts today, with the aim to be publicly available in early 2022. But the good news doesn’t end there – for Fairphone 3 and 3+ users, beta testing for Android 11 also starts this week.— Fairphone (@Fairphone) November 23, 2021



Meanwhile, Samsung offers four years of security updates and three generational Android updates for its recent phones. Google has promised to provide security updates for its latest Pixel 6 devices for five years and Android version updates for three years.
Offering updates for this length of time isn’t easy, as Fairphone explained in a blog post when it released its public beta of Android 9 running on the Fairphone 2. One of the bigger challenges is that the chipset manufacturer Fairphone uses, Qualcomm, only offers support for its processors for a certain number of years. As of last December, Qualcomm supports its chips for three major OS updates and four years of security updates. However, once this support ends, manufacturers like Fairphone are on their own if they want to continue keeping their phones updated.
For the Fairphone 2’s Android 10 update, the company says it collaborated with its community to speed up the update process. Together with help from Indian software developer Bharath Ravi Prakash, Fairphone says the Fairphone 2’s Android 10 update took just 10 months to develop, compared to 18 months for Android 9. 
Today’s news will be welcome for anyone still using a Fairphone 2 who wants to benefit from Android 10 features like gesture navigation and support for an OS-level dark mode. But it’s also reassuring for anyone thinking about picking up its latest phone, the Fairphone 4, which the company hopes to keep supported for six years until 2027.

Spotify has introduced a new hub that’s home to all the music from Netflix’s shows and movies. A post on Spotify’s newsroom explains that both free and premium users can access the Netflix hub by searching for “Netflix” on Spotify. 
There, you’ll find official playlists from Netflix TV shows like La Casa de Papel, On My Block, and Bridgerton, along with the official soundtracks from Cowboy Bebop, Bruised, Squid Game, and more. It also includes some of Netflix’s official podcasts, such as Okay, Now Listen, Netflix Is a Daily Joke, 10/10 (Would Recommend), and The Crown: The Official Podcast, all of which you can access from this single location.
Spotify has rolled out an “enhanced album experience” for Netflix’s The Harder They Fall
Spotify has also rolled out an “enhanced album experience” for the streaming platform’s new film, The Harder They Fall. This gives you access to a behind-the-scenes look at the making of the movie’s soundtrack, which includes songs from Jay-Z, Kid Cudi, Koffee, and Ms. Lauryn Hill. Aside from all that, Spotify has added new content to its La Casa De Papel page (which doesn’t seem to be working at the moment) and is even offering a quiz that’s supposed to match your personality with a La Banda character from the show and an accompanying soundtrack.
Netflix isn’t the first entertainment giant that Spotify has collaborated with. In 2019, Spotify launched its Disney hub, which contains official Disney playlists, soundtracks, and Disney-themed podcasts.

Microsoft has created an Xbox metaverse museum where you can roam around and discover the history of Xbox consoles. It’s designed to celebrate 20 years of Xbox and includes some infamous mistakes like the Xbox 360 red ring of death or Microsoft’s attempt to acquire Nintendo in spring 2000.
As you roam around this Xbox museum, you’ll see fellow Xbox players interacting with the digital exhibits and charting the progress of the original Xbox, Xbox 360, Xbox One, and the latest Xbox Series X / S consoles. Each moment in the 20-year timeline has an associated story, usually with a video documenting the milestone.








The Xbox museum is a metaverse full of achievements and failures.


There’s even a personal Xbox museum, so if you’ve ever owned an Xbox console, you can look back at what games you played first on certain consoles, the number of games you’ve played, and even when you first signed into Xbox Live. For some reason, Pac-Man was one of the first games I played on Xbox 360, and I apparently first signed into Xbox Live 18 years ago.
You can explore a total of 132 moments in Xbox history throughout the metaverse museum and navigate around using WASD on a keyboard. Each moment has its own link, and you can even share your own anniversary museum section with others.










There’s a personalized museum for each Xbox player.



For years, Capcom’s Resident Evil franchise has been split in half. There’s the game and animated film series built closely around Shinji Mikami’s 1996 survival horror game. Then there’s the live-action series, a half-dozen barely related blockbusters starring Milla Jovovich. But the newly released Resident Evil: Welcome to Raccoon City aims to change that. It’s a jump-scare-filled live-action adaptation of the earliest Resident Evil games, and it plays out like a 107-minute fan film — which isn’t entirely a bad thing.
The following includes mild narrative and thematic spoilers.
Welcome to Raccoon City, written and directed by Johannes Roberts, merges the plots and characters of Resident Evil and Resident Evil 2. In the year 1998, the grim post-industrial town of Raccoon City has just lost its biggest employer, the Umbrella Corporation. To make things worse, college student Claire Redfield (Kaya Scodelario) believes Umbrella has polluted the town’s water with a mysterious and dangerous substance.
Welcome to Raccoon City feels built to be dissected
Claire’s elite police operative brother, Chris Redfield (Robbie Amell), initially doesn’t believe her. Then Chris, his trigger-happy partner Jill Valentine (Hannah John-Kamen), and hunky blond heartthrob Albert Wesker (Tom Hopper) are called to investigate a killing in a deserted mansion. Raccoon City’s population turns into flesh-eating zombies. Claire must team up with rookie cop Leon S. Kennedy (Avan Jogia) to escape. Along the way, she starts to unravel another mystery that’s bothered her for years: a grotesque creature that tried to befriend her as a child.

Roberts, who previously directed aquatic horror movie 47 Meters Down, has described his project as a “pure” adaptation compared to previous films. And Welcome to Raccoon City seems built to be dissected by fans. Its intertextual references will probably fill countless online Easter egg guides. I’m not a big enough Resident Evil completionist to fill those guides, but I got the palpable sense of watching something where the creators were showing their homework to gain viewers’ trust.
There’s a specific joy in watching scenes you love from other media get played out by real people in a movie, and Roberts has a good sense of what makes individual moments of translation satisfying. The filmmakers compose shots to evoke elements from the games even when the narrative context is different. They aren’t beholden to casting actors who look exactly like their in-game counterparts, but they hold onto details like Claire Redfield’s iconic red jacket. The script buys wholeheartedly into Resident Evil’s weird narrative quirks, like Raccoon City’s implausibly ornate police station, rather than trying to rationalize them or lampshade them with a joke.
Does any evil corporation really need this many hidden tunnels?
The tradeoff is that Welcome to Raccoon City feels almost surreal through any other lens. If you’re not on board with Resident Evil’s mythos, you may find yourself wondering things like: “Why does a pharmaceutical corporation have a quasi-military strike force capable of containing an entire small town?” or “How does this small town have enough orphans to fill a school-sized building?” or “Did the corporation really need to dig a secret tunnel network that is accessed with playing-card-themed keys, and how long are those tunnels, anyway?” If you asked me to draw a map of Raccoon City after watching this movie, it would look like a tesseract.
The feeling is compounded by the cast’s incredibly calm performances. Welcome to Raccoon City is a gory mess of dismemberment, accidental self-immolation, and ravening zombie mobs, and its survivors seem moderately irritated by these developments at best. Leon Kennedy, in particular, is played less like a fresh-faced cop out of his depth and more like a character from Jim Jarmusch’s deadpan satire The Dead Don’t Die or possibly an exasperated mailroom intern perpetually on the verge of stapling his own hands.
The film glosses over a lot of very weird source material
The issue isn’t that Welcome to Raccoon City is unrealistic or that I couldn’t pore over a Resident Evil wiki to answer the questions above, but that the oddities never pay off. Things like Leon’s casual ineptitude could be effective comedy, but other characters stay similarly nonchalant through events the narrative suggests should devastate them. And instead of leaning into video game set pieces that look absolutely bizarre in a live-action film, the film glosses over them in favor of more generic action scenes.
Despite this, Welcome to Raccoon City goes a long way by gleefully embracing primal creepiness. Its first 20 minutes push every available button to freak viewers out: eerie dolls, rasping voices from the shadows, scrawled warnings from strange creatures, cheerful children’s drawings with ominous undertones, and much more. It evolves quickly into an action-horror narrative after this, but it still draws on the strength of Resident Evil’s spooky aesthetic.
Welcome to Raccoon City gets a lot of moment-to-moment elements right. It’s a film that’s straight-faced without being pretentious, full of over-the-top genre tropes without falling into grating, campy self-awareness. But it’s sunk so deep in a decades-old fictional world that it can’t look beyond its boundaries. The film delivers a checklist to remind viewers why they like Resident Evil — but it sometimes seems to forget what’s actually on it.
Resident Evil: Welcome to Raccoon City will premiere in theaters November 24th.

Hello, hello. Welcome back to Tuesday; I hope everyone has found ways to keep “working” ahead of the holiday and isn’t daydreaming too much about the hoards of food we here in the US will be eating in just a couple days. Today’s issue is a hodgepodge of things — a nice mix. Today, we’re talking about what happens when a podcast app gets acquired, ExxonMobil “duping” The Daily, and more.
EXCLUSIVE: Acast acquired RadioPublic in February; now podcasters say the company has gone dark on them
In February, Acast, the Europe-based hosting and monetization company, acquired RadioPublic, a podcast player and company known for its creator-centric technology. The acquisition was billed to me as a way for Acast to take over the podcast space and become big in the US. Notably, Matt MacDonald, co-founder and chief product officer of RadioPublic, told me at the time: “We have no intention of spinning [the RadioPublic] app down.” 
But now, nine months after the purchase, podcasters say the app is borked and not updating. New episodes aren’t regularly uploaded on certain show pages; some podcasters can’t publicly list new shows; and, beyond that, many say they can’t get in touch with the company despite reaching out through a dedicated support email and social media. The issue appears to have been going on for months. Lots of people have tweeted to the company, but I’ll include a couple screenshots below so you can get an idea. 

 










 










 











One podcaster, Klaudia Amenábar, who hosts the queer Star Wars podcast RuPalp’s Podrace, tells me she ran into issues when trying to distribute the show on RadioPublic. Although her RSS feed worked fine on all other listening apps, whenever she tried to make it publicly available on RadioPublic, she received an error message. This went on, she says, for months and still isn’t fixed. MacDonald emailed her directly, once she tweeted at Acast’s account, and told her the team was “unable to help individual podcasts diagnose a specific error,” according to a screenshot viewed by The Verge. She later tried to also distribute a second show with a separate RSS feed and received the same error. Her hosting provider, Simplecast, troubleshot her RSS feed to ensure nothing strange was going on, she says, and, “at the end, they were like, ‘That’s really weird, it must be a RadioPublic problem.’”
I reached out to Acast for comment and got this: “We’re aware of an issue that currently appears to affect a small number of feeds on the RadioPublic platform, impacting the submission and display of new content. We understand this is frustrating for the creators affected and for fans trying to access new content from the affected feeds. Our team is investigating the cause and is working to get this resolved as soon as possible. We will share an update with the community once we have more information.”
Now, RadioPublic isn’t a top app or even remotely essential to podcasters’ distribution strategy. (Dave Zohrob, CEO at Chartable, tells me over the past 30 days, it accounted for less than 0.1 percent of listens, as did Justin Jackson, co-founder of Transistor.fm, from March data, which, yeah, not great, but also not helped by the fact that at least some shows can’t get their episodes to update.) But the reason I bring this story up is because of the many acquisitions we’ve seen in this space and to use this as an example of how not to handle it, particularly if you interface with podcasters directly. Don’t leave them in the lurch. Another podcaster I spoke with, David Cameo, the founder and host of Squawking Dead, a Walking Dead podcast, tells me he had embedded the RadioPublic player on his website for four years until the company went silent. 
“I just gave up on them. Had to. Nobody cares.”
The Daily’s ExxonMobil ad and the struggle to get podcast ads right
A conversation is brewing around how oil companies are using podcast ads to advance their messaging and brand. Emily Atkin over at the Heated newsletter wrote last week about an ExxonMobil ad that ran in The Daily that she says is misleading. (Check out Atkin’s post for the specifics of the ad and her proposed edits.) 
She writes that the ad “appeared to violate The Daily’s policy against fossil fuel sponsorships.” However, a Times spokesperson told her: “We do not allow oil and gas companies to sponsor The Daily wholesale,” but “[any] company can place spot advertising within The Daily podcast, as long as it meets our advertising acceptability guidelines.”
Also worth adding to the story here is Drilled podcast host Amy Westervelt’s thread on other oil companies and oil-reliant brands utilizing podcast ads. One person notes Politico’s Energy podcast is sponsored by Chevron, which indeed appears to be true, just as another example.
Still, this line between sponsorships and spot advertising is definitely an odd one for the Times to draw, and I won’t pretend to understand it. But I did reach out to a few folks on the ad side of things to figure out how the Times’ fact-checking process usually goes and whether this ad rang alarm bells for them. One ad buyer told me they’ve had the Times push back on ad copy and request data or research to support what’s being said. They also said claims aren’t allowed to be made; neither are endorsements. Others didn’t seem shocked by what was being said in this particular ad. One person equated Exxon’s “clever wording” to how tech companies often market their products — hyping a new feature — but doubted the Times’ listeners would be duped into thinking Exxon has nothing to do with oil so easily.












Enjoying this story? Hot Pod is a newsletter from The Verge that delivers news, analysis, and opinions on the audio industry written by Ashley Carman. The weekly Tuesday issue is free, and you can subscribe to two additional Hot Pod Insider newsletters per week for $7 / month or $70 / year.  


Broadly, I imagine this is only the start of broader pushback on misleading ads, as well as strange brand / content pair-ups, both from the public and podcast hosts. This might happen for a few reasons: 1.) As more indie shows go corporate, they cede control over their advertisers to bigger and hungrier sales teams. 2.) As more money enters the space, of which I will have much more to say in the coming weeks, larger advertisers are flooding in, often those who run more controversial businesses. 3.) Dynamic Ad Insertion becoming more popular means more shows are allowing ad marketplaces to automatically insert ads based on audience targeting. This might yield undesired pairings. 
All of which is to say, I’m keeping a close eye on how this nets out. We’ve come to expect some bizarre display ads to show up alongside the articles we read online. We probably even feel the same way about radio ads. Will that expectation of shitty ads come to podcasts, too? 
Confused podcast listeners helpfully review bomb Apple Podcasts
You might recall people pointing out months ago that Apple Podcasts maintained an abysmally low app rating. People hate it, I guess. So imagine the shock and awe when positive reviews started pouring in, raising its rating from 1.8 stars to 4.6. The catch, however, is that these reviews all extoll various podcasts, not the app itself. My colleague Sean Hollister has the full story, but Apple confirmed that it’s relying on a new review prompt. “With iOS 15.1 released last month, Apple Podcasts began prompting listeners to leave a rating and review just like most third-party apps — using the standard Rating & Review prompt available to all developers,” said an Apple spokesperson. People are just confused about what they’re supposed to be reviewing. The power of an in-app push!
Facebook is paying people up to $50K to get them to use its live audio feature
The Information reports (from behind a paywall) that Facebook is resorting to cash to get creators to use its Live Audio Rooms feature. Per the piece: “Facebook is offering to pay musicians and other creators $10,000 to $50,000 per session on its five-month-old live audio product, plus a fee for guests of $10,000 or more,” according to “people with direct knowledge of deal terms.”
At that price, hosts have to put together four to six live programs lasting at least 30 minutes each. I will be shocked if anyone tunes into these rooms, honestly, but I can’t fault people for wanting to get the $$$. However, what I don’t fully understand about these tech companies spending millions to get people to try their new feature is whether any of these users will actually stick around when the cash runs out. An open question at this point.
Now, finally, one for the Goners in the room:
How Long Gone podcast is releasing an album of music commentary?
I hate to admit that I’ve become a Goner, but it happened. For our purposes, though, How Long Gone, an interview and culture show co-hosted by Chris Black and Jason Stewart, signed to record label Jagjaguwar to release an album that now has a tracklist and details. Coming out December 17th, apparently the duo recorded an 80-minute commentary about music from various Jagjaguwar artists. Two CDs for $13.99. Props for the creative monetization.
Okay, that’s it. A long one, but I have to make up for future lost time. I’ll catch you all next Tuesday. Ta-ta.







        Sign up for the
        
          newsletter
        
      
      Hot Pod
    
Every Tuesday receive analysis, insights, and commentary on the growing audio industry.






Thanks for signing up!
Check your inbox for a welcome email.




Email (required)






        By signing up, you agree to our Privacy Notice and European users agree to the data transfer policy.
        
      
Subscribe






Sony, Microsoft, Nvidia and AMD say they’re doing everything in their power to put a console or graphics card in your hands. But judging by eBay resale prices, their best won’t be nearly good enough this holiday season. One year after the next generation of gaming was supposed to arrive (narrator: it did not) people are still forking out hundreds of dollars over MSRP for a PlayStation 5 or Xbox Series X, and and they’re often still paying double what a new PC graphics card was originally supposed to cost. 
Remember in March, when I told you how the two graphics cards in the photo above were worth a combined $2,570 on the open market? That was a shocking leap compared to the $1,660 total they could fetch in December 2020, already well above their $1,078 MSRP. But eight months later, that same photo now contains $2,605 worth of GPUs on the secondhand market. They haven’t dipped one bit. 
The PlayStation 5 and Xbox Series X, too, are fetching higher prices this week than they did in March — if you take the scalper route, you can expect to pay over $800 on average for what should have been a $500 game console. 
Those are the key findings from our latest dive into eBay sales data, but here’s the whole set for you to scan yourself. It includes the latest street prices for every console and graphics card released this generation, after filtering out a number of fakes, bundles, freak outliers (one AMD RX 6800 allegedly sold for $8,260) and other eBay listings that muddied the data.


GPU, PS5, Xbox street prices: November 2021



Item
List price
Street price (Nov '21)
Street price (Mar '21)
Street price (Dec '20)
Current value




Item
List price
Street price (Nov '21)
Street price (Mar '21)
Street price (Dec '20)
Current value




PS5 (disc)
$499
$870
$833
$1,024
1.74x


PS5 (digital)
$399
$806
$754
$990
2.02x


Xbox Series X
$499
$856
$805
$835
1.72x


Xbox Series S
$299
$346
$432
$471
1.16x


Nvidia RTX 3090
$1,499
$2,947
$2,985
$2,076
1.97x


Nvidia RTX 3080 Ti
$1,199
$1,941
N/A
N/A
1.62x


Nvidia RTX 3080
$699
$1,773
$2,160
$1,227
2.54x


Nvidia RTX 3070 Ti
$599
$1,208
N/A
N/A
2.02x


Nvidia RTX 3070
$499
$1,210
$1,239
$819
2.42x


Nvidia RTX 3060 Ti
$399
$979
$1,226
$675
2.45x


Nvidia RTX 3060
$329
$749
$828
N/A
2.28x


AMD RX 6900 XT
$999
$1,577
$1,841
Did not check
1.58x


AMD RX 6800 XT
$649
$1,341
$1,555
$1,232
2.07x


AMD RX 6800
$579
$1,395
$1,331
$841
2.41x


AMD RX 6700 XT
$479
$955
$1,169
N/A
1.99x


AMD RX 6600 XT
$379
$683
N/A
N/A
1.8x


AMD RX 6600
$329
$592
N/A
N/A
1.8x




A “current value” of 1.74x means the PS5 is currently worth 1.74 times its MSRP, on average.



As you can see from the chart, a PS5 is no longer worth $1,000 like it was back in December 2020, but the discless PS5 Digital Edition can still fetch twice its asking price on eBay, and even the Xbox Series X appears to be slightly more desirable than before. The one bright spot is the less expensive Xbox Series S, which has finally come down to a mere $50 or so over its original list price of $300.
There are a few surprising findings on the GPU side of things, like how the RTX 3070 is currently fetching more than the 3070 Ti, despite being a little less powerful for games. (Perhaps people prefer the 3070’s reduced power consumption, smaller frame, and — in some cases — lack of cryptocurrency mining nerfs.) It’s also remarkable how much less the 3060 Ti fetches now, despite being fairly close to a 3070 in performance and well regarded for both gaming and mining from what I’ve heard. 
Then again, the 3060 Ti Founders Edition is in greater demand than ever — the $400 card is now pulling down $1,447 on average, though I didn’t break it out in the chart. It’s one of the best picks out there for smaller cases, so I’m not wholly surprised. 
Raw street prices don’t tell the whole story, though. Like in March, I also compiled a chart of how many consoles and components changed hands on eBay this past week, and it’s intriguing: Less than half as many Sony PS5s are moving, but now almost twice as many Nvidia graphics cards.


How many PS5s, Xboxes, GPUs changed hands in a week?



Item
Mar 2021
Dec 2020




Item
Mar 2021
Dec 2020




PS5 (disc)
1,898
3,651


PS5 (digital)
422
1,633


Xbox Series X
518
1,518


Xbox Series S
199
960


Nvidia RTX 3090
428
372


Nvidia RTX 3080 Ti
465
N/A


Nvidia RTX 3080
556
384


Nvidia RTX 3070 Ti
341
N/A


Nvidia RTX 3070
673
505


Nvidia RTX 3060 Ti
750
141


Nvidia RTX 3060
639
782


AMD RX 6900 XT
63
106


AMD RX 6800 XT
91
107


AMD RX 6800
28
83


AMD RX 6700 XT
165
98


AMD RX 6600 XT
204
N/A


AMD RX 6600
112
N/A





Lower secondhand sales numbers for consoles don’t necessarily mean weaker supply — in fact, it could easily mean the opposite. Perhaps more people are getting satisfaction outside of eBay, never needing a scalper, because the likes of Sony and Microsoft are letting more people buy those consoles at retail instead. But on the GPU side of things, we can also still see how precious few AMD graphics cards are changing hands compared to Nvidia, with the original excellent Radeon RX 6800 barely a blip. 
Unfortunately, there's no end in sight for the great GPU shortage, so you shouldn’t expect prices to settle down anytime soon. Both Nvidia and AMD expect it to linger for most of 2022, and Intel suggested last month that it likely won’t be resolved until 2023. The chip shortage is a complicated problem, and it takes time to spin up additional factories to satisfy demand.
Over the past year, using a very particular set of skills I have acquired over a long career as a dealhunter, I managed to snap up a $499 PS5 and a $399 Nvidia RTX 3060 Ti Founder’s Edition at MSRP. They’re worth roughly $2,317 today, not that I plan to sell. Here’s hoping next check-in, those prices will have gone way down.
Correction: Our earlier price check-in was in March of this year, not March 2020. 

Qualcomm reportedly has an exclusivity deal with Microsoft for Windows on Arm licenses. The pair launched Windows on Arm laptops in 2016, and so far we haven’t seen any devices launch without a Qualcomm chip. XDA-Developers reports that Qualcomm has had an exclusivity deal on Windows on Arm, but that it’s set to expire soon.
The report comes days after MediaTek held its executive summit with members of the media last week, where it shared its ambitions to build its own chip for Windows on Arm PCs.
If Microsoft’s exclusivity deal is about to end with Qualcomm, this could open the door for many more vendors supporting Windows on Arm. Samsung, MediaTek, and even Apple’s M1 chips could eventually support Windows on Arm. 










Microsoft’s custom SQ1 Qualcomm chip for the Surface Pro X (right).
Photo by Amelia Holowaty Krales / The Verge


While you can run Windows on Apple’s M1 Macs through Parallels Desktop virtual machine software, Apple does not support Boot Camp on M1 Macs and Microsoft only licenses the Arm version of Windows to PC makers. Whether or not Microsoft would license Windows on Arm to Apple, or Apple would support such a scenario remains to be seen, though.
Microsoft has also been working on designing its own Arm-based processors for servers and possibly future Surface devices. The software giant started work on these new chips more than a year ago, and reports suggest they’ll be used primarily in servers for Microsoft’s Azure cloud services.
Microsoft currently uses Intel-based processors for the majority of its Azure cloud services, and most of the company’s Surface lineup runs on Intel chips. Microsoft did break from tradition to work with AMD and Qualcomm for custom chips for its Surface Laptop 3 and Surface Pro X devices. There are even rumors that Microsoft is also working with AMD on Arm-based laptop processors.

Microsoft is making its Fluent-style emoji available in Windows 11 this week. A new optional update for the OS is rolling out that includes a number of important bug fixes and the new emoji Microsoft previewed earlier this year. While it’s a totally new style, it’s not the 3D look that Microsoft previously promised — the company opted for 2D instead.
The new emoji in Windows 11 includes the return of Clippy, as Microsoft has replaced the standard paperclip emoji with its Clippy character. The emoji have also been redesigned to include bright and saturated colors, but lack the 3D aspects that made them pop.
“The new emoji style is only available in Windows 11 and is 2D,” explains Microsoft in a quiet update to its design blog from July. “We still offer an assortment of emojis [sic] for Windows 10 customers.” This same blog post still points out that Microsoft “opted for 3D designs over 2D and chose to animate the majority of our emoji.”










Microsoft’s new emoji was supposed to be more 3D.


It’s not clear if we’ll ever see the impressive 3D emoji inside Windows 11 that Microsoft demonstrated earlier this year. The lack of 3D could be related to technical limitations of Microsoft’s color font format that the company uses to display emoji inside Windows. While Apple uses bitmaps to render its emoji, Microsoft uses a vector format which is far more scalable and has file size benefits if emoji are flatter. 
We’re still expecting 3D and animated versions of these Fluent emoji to appear in products like Microsoft Teams, but if you want the new emoji in Windows then you’ll need to upgrade to Windows 11. Microsoft has made it clear that it doesn’t plan on bringing this new emoji to Windows 10.

Like most PC gamers, I split my time between playing using a mouse and keyboard and a console controller. Nothing beats the precision of a mouse in first- and third-person shooters, but for me, a keyboard is no match for an analog stick in racing games or platformers. They both have different strengths.
Wooting’s Two HE keyboard, which starts at $174.99 without keycaps, is the company’s latest attempt to bridge that gap, offering some of the benefits of analog control in the form factor of a keyboard. This time around, it achieves this with Gateron-manufactured “Lekker” switches, which use magnetic Hall effect sensors rather than typical metal contacts to detect when they’ve been pressed. 
It’s an interesting idea, and Wooting has more or less nailed its implementation, with a design and software that makes setting up this unusual form factor relatively painless. But in practice, I found that a lot of PC games end up getting confused by this unusual keyboard’s analog controls, which limits their usefulness.
A quick note on availability: Wooting doesn’t currently have any Two HEs available to ship immediately and lists the Wooting Two HE as being available for preorder. The next US batch is due to ship in April 2022, while in Europe, there is a small number available that’ll ship in December, with the rest expected to also ship in April.






Our review of 
Wooting Two HE


Verge Score
6.5 out of 10






Good Stuff

Analog switches work as advertised
Intuitive software
Can save settings direct to keyboard




Bad Stuff

Games don’t expect keyboards to be analog
Reliability issues
Can’t match the precision of a gamepad




Buy for $176.00 from Wooting



The central feature of the Wooting Two HE is its custom Lekker switches, which are what allow it to offer analog controls. Unlike traditional Cherry MX switches, which use metal contacts to register a keypress, Wooting’s switches have small magnets in their stems and a Hall effect sensor in their circuit board that can sense when it moves. So while Cherry MX-style switches only have two states (pressed or not pressed), Wooting’s latest switches can detect gradients of a press of anywhere between 0.1mm and 4mm, aka the difference between lightly tapping a key or pushing it all the way down. This range of motion is also improved compared to the optical analog Flaretech switches used in the Wooting One and original Wooting Two, which could only detect between 1.5mm and 3.6mm. 
Magnets, how do they work
Considering its unusual functionality, there’s nothing too unusual about the Wooting Two HE’s design. It uses a full-size layout including a numpad (currently available with US, UK, German, and Nordic layouts), features per-key RGB backlighting, and connects to a computer using a detachable USB-C cable. There are three channels for routing the cable out of the top of the keyboard, which is handy if you’d rather have it come out of the top left or top right of the board. Although the cable is nice and braided, the keyboard as a whole has a bit of a plastic feel to it that’s unbecoming of its higher-end price point. 
The Wooting Two HE starts at $174.99 without keycaps, but there are keycaps made from ABS plastic available in a bundle for $184.99 or more premium PBT keycaps for $194.99. Regardless of which you opt for, the keyboard currently doesn’t come with its keycaps preinstalled, meaning you have to manually install all 100-plus keycaps yourself. This kind of self-assembly might make sense when you’re buying your keyboard and keycaps from different places, but it feels odd when they come in the same box (Wooting tells me this won’t be the case for future US orders with PBT keycaps). I had no issues with the ABS keycaps that came with my review sample, but for just a $10 premium, I think it makes sense to step up to PBT, a plastic that generally has a reputation for being more durable.
 









An exposed Lekker switch.



The Wooting Two HE’s Lekker switches are also hot-swappable, so in theory, they can be easily removed from the board using IC extractors or other switch pullers (sold separately) and without the need for soldering. But this doesn’t matter a huge amount because, for now, at least, there aren’t any third-party compatible alternatives for you to swap in. Wooting includes four spare switches in the box with the keyboard, though, which should be helpful in case one of the switches breaks.
Use the Wooting Two HE for everyday work, and it feels much like any other linear mechanical keyboard to type on. The Lekker switch’s design isn’t dissimilar to Cherry MX Reds, although weirdly, the typing sound almost reminds me of using a keyboard with Topre switches thanks to its slightly hollowed-out sound. The Cherry stabilizers do rattle, though, so be prepared to make some modifications if you’re sensitive to that sort of thing. It’s not the nicest keyboard I’ve ever typed on, but it’s functional enough.


Here’s what typing sounds like on the Wooting Two HE:


Here’s what typing sounds like on the Wooting Two HE(opens a new window)




Naturally, things get a lot more interesting once you download Wootility, Wooting’s companion software that’s available across Windows, Mac, and Linux. It’s this that lets you get the most out of the keyboard’s analog switches, which it handles alongside other more traditional keyboard companion app tasks like setting up custom lighting schemes with the keyboard’s RGB backlighting or remapping its layout.
For starters, you can reprogram their “actuation point,” which is the distance they’re pressed down before a keypress is registered. This can be set anywhere from 0.1mm to 4mm. So if you’re a heavy typist prone to accidental keypresses, you might want to set up the keyboard so you have to press a key 3.5mm before it registers a press. Or, if you want the keyboard to feel as responsive as possible, you might set the actuation point to 0.5mm, so you barely have to touch the key before it actuates. These can even be set on a per-key basis. For what it’s worth, I left the keyboard set on a middle-of-the-road 2mm actuation point, which is similar to what Cherry uses for its standard MX Red switches. I’m a basic man.
 









The per-key RGB backlighting in action.



Another piece of functionality enabled with analog switches is the Wooting Two HE’s rapid trigger technology. Unlike a traditional switch, which only deactivates once it’s released back to a specific reset point, the Lekker switches can deactivate the second the keyboard senses you’re lifting your finger up and can reactivate the moment you’re pushing your finger back down. In theory, this should make the keyboard feel more responsive, particularly in fast-paced games, but I couldn’t discern much of a difference in everyday usage. 
Gamepad-style controls, on a keyboard
The most interesting aspect of the Wooting Two HE, for me, was the possibility of remapping gamepad-style analog controls to the keyboard. Considering the slightly dizzying array of options at your disposal, Wooting’s software does a surprisingly good job at making this setup process simple and pain-free. For a first-person game, you might want to map the left analog stick’s up, left, down, and right motions to the W, A, S, and D keys, respectively. Or, for a racing game, it might make more sense to have a controller’s right and left triggers mapped to W and S while leaving the A and D keys to tilt a virtual left analog stick left and right. So long as a game supports either Xinput or DirectInput, it should work with the Wooting Two HE. 
It’s possible to also map non-analog gamepad buttons like A, B, X, and Y to the Wooting Two HE, but in most cases, I found it less complicated to rely on regular keyboard controls for these other commands. So, for example, in Death Stranding, I set WASD to emulate an analog stick but used regular keyboard controls for every other in-game action (you need to enable the “Enable Keyboards keys” toggle in Wootility for this to work). 
 









You can switch between analog profiles using the shortcut buttons on the top right.



These control schemes are very specific to certain genres, so thankfully, it’s possible to save three analog profiles on the keyboard, and then you switch between them using the keyboard’s A1, A2, and A3 keys. You can also save additional profiles and swap them into one of these shortcut slots when necessary. 
That’s the theory, but in practice, it’s a bit more of a mixed bag. Initially, I thought that any games that rely on keyboard for movement and mouse for camera and aiming controls would be a great match for the Wooting Two HE. A mouse is indisputably more accurate for aiming, but a gamepad’s left analog stick offers more fine-grained movement. But the problem is that a lot of games simply aren’t set up to let you control movement using what is effectively an emulated gamepad, alongside a traditional mouse. 
Wooting’s software deals well with complexity
When trying to play Deathloop, I found that the game refused to allow me to use a mouse for aiming while it thought I was moving with an analog stick. And I had a similar problem in Metal Gear Solid: Ground Zeroes. Wooting is aware of these issues, but unfortunately, it’s something that would need to be addressed by individual game developers to fix. Look out for games that support “simultaneous input” if you want an indication that they’ll work with the Wooting Two HE, but be aware there are many out there where this won’t be an option without jumping through significant hurdles.
I had better luck with other titles. Left 4 Dead 2 worked without any issues, as did the Halo: Infinite multiplayer beta and Overwatch, but unfortunately, none of these are games that benefit from being able to walk slowly. They’re pretty much designed for you to be running full-pelt at all times. 










Wooting’s software, featuring a keymap designed for racing games.
Screenshot: Wootility


Death Stranding was perhaps the game that most played into the Wooting Two HE’s strengths. Analog control is perfect for the kind of delicate touch the game asks of you as you maneuver Sam Porter Bridges, laden with gear and deliveries, over difficult terrain. The experience wasn’t perfect, however, because of the way the on-screen button prompts would flit between showing keyboard and mouse or gamepad controls depending on what input method it thought you were using with the game.
Forza Horizon 5 was a much bigger success because it saw me exclusively use the keyboard for control rather than using it alongside a mouse. Rather than using multiple small taps to try and smoothly turn the car, the Wooting Two HE let me half depress the A or D key to make a smooth turn, and I could also roll off the accelerator to try and recover from oversteer without having to either hit the brakes or stop accelerating entirely. 
Many games were confused by the Wooting Two HE
Despite the improvements, given the option, I’d still opt to play a racing game with a force-feedback-enabled controller or, even better, a full steering wheel. For the sake of balance, I tried racing with an Xbox One controller paired with my PC using Microsoft’s Xbox Wireless Adapter, and I immediately felt more at home in Forza. Nothing beats being able to feel the car start to slide with your hands and then compensate accordingly, rather than having to look out for audiovisual cues. 
Maybe this is an unfair comparison. After all, Wooting doesn’t claim that its keyboard is capable of offering force feedback. But it highlights some of the drawbacks of a keyboard like the Two HE. In attempting to bridge the gap between a keyboard and a gamepad, it can end up feeling like a half measure.
I also ran into an annoying bug during my time with the keyboard. On more than one occasion, Windows refused to pick up the Wooting Two HE’s gamepad inputs at all. I could usually fix it by unplugging and then replugging the keyboard into my PC using USB or by following the steps in Wooting’s troubleshooting guide, but it was far from seamless.
 









The Wooting Two HE in a UK-ISO layout. 



The Wooting Two HE achieves more or less what it says it’ll achieve. Its keys are capable of registering analog inputs, and its software makes it easy to remap them to function as gamepad controls. It delivers on its promises. 
But its biggest problem is that it’s a niche product that most PC games aren’t designed to accommodate, and the result is that several of the titles I tried got confused when they sensed me using a gamepad and mouse simultaneously. That’s not the fault of Wooting, but ultimately, its keyboard is operating in an ecosystem that doesn’t recognize it exists. Meanwhile, the benefits of other features like an adjustable actuation point and more responsive keypresses are marginal.
If you only want to use one peripheral for your PC gaming, then the Wooting Two HE is a much more flexible alternative than most regular keyboards. But I’d stop short of claiming it can match a traditional gamepad, and I think most people would be better off with having both peripherals in their arsenal.
Photography by Jon Porter / The Verge


Update November 22nd, 8:25PM ET: Sony appears to have sold out of PS5 consoles for the day. We’ll make sure to let you know when the next opportunity comes up.
If you’re still trying to get your hands on a PlayStation 5, lining up at Sony’s digital storefront is one of the more reliable ways to snag Sony’s next-gen console. Sony has reopened the digital queue on its direct store to place orders for the $500 disc-based PlayStation 5, as well as the $400 PlayStation 5 Digital Edition.
Provided you’ve already registered and logged into your PlayStation account, you should be able to line up once you’ve hit the landing page. Once you’ve entered the queue, you’ll be given an ETA of when you’ll be able to check out and, once that timer hits zero, it's all systems go. It's no secret that these consoles go quick and getting into the queue doesn’t necessarily guarantee a console, but Sony’s direct store remains one of the more reliable ways to get ahold of the PlayStation 5.
If you’re still deliberating which console is the better fit for you, let's chat a little about the differences between these two consoles. Both models of the PS5, the standard model ($500) and the Digital Edition ($400), are virtually identical with the exception of the inclusion of a UHD Blu-Ray disc drive on the standard edition. Because it doesn’t have a disc drive, the Digital Edition is a little lighter and slimmer, but still features the same 825GB SSD. Both consoles are compatible with the same games, however,


    Related
  
PlayStation 5 review: a big, confident step into next gen 
Sony’s new PS5 model is lighter and doesn’t need a screwdriver


















PlayStation 5




                $500
              





Sony’s flagship next-gen console, which includes a disc drive, allows you to play both digital and physical games for the PS4 and PS5. 







              $500
              

at Best Buy
            






















PlayStation 5 Digital Edition 




                $400
              





The PS5 Digital Edition costs $400. Compared to the standard PS5, this console is $100 less and does not include a Blu-ray disc drive.







              $400
              

at Target
            





What's a new gaming console without accessories? If you’ve managed to snag a PS5, make sure you left a little wiggle room in your budget for peripherals and games, too. Here are some of our favorites.

















Cosmic red DualSense PS5 controller




                $74
              





Like the original DualSense controller, the cosmic red model features adaptive triggers and haptic feedback but with a vibrant red-and-black design.







              $74
              

at Walmart
            





              $75
              

at Best Buy
            






















WD Black SN850 (500GB)




                $160
              

                $170
              

                  6% off
                





The WD Black SN850 runs at a blistering 7,000MB/s and can be purchased with a heatsink.







              $160
              

at WD (with heatsink)
            





              $108
              

at WD (without heatsink)
            






















Sony Pulse 3D headset




                $99
              





Sony’s own wireless gaming headset, made to showcase the PS5’s 3D Audio effect, also works on the PS4.







              $99
              

at Walmart
            





              $100
              

at Best Buy
            






















Ratchet & Clank: Rift Apart




                $50
              

                $70
              

                  29% off
                





Insomniac Games’ latest adventure in the Ratchet & Clank series is the most fun entry yet. It’s also the first to launch on PS5, and it’s both a showcase for amazing graphics and fast loading speeds.







              $50
              

at Amazon
            





              $50
              

at Target
            






















Deathloop




                $60
              





The latest release from Arcane Studios — the team behind Prey and Dishonored — is a masterpiece in many ways, an open-ended mystery that’s thrilling, action-packed, and just the right amount of weird.







              $60
              

at Gamestop
            





              $60
              

at Amazon
            












        Sign up for the
        
          newsletter
        
      
      Verge Deals
    
Subscribe to get the best Verge-approved tech deals of the week.






Just one more thing!
Please confirm your subscription to Verge Deals via the verification email we just sent you.




Email (required)






        By signing up, you agree to our Privacy Notice and European users agree to the data transfer policy.
        
      
Subscribe






Tile popularized marking items and tracking them from your phone with its small Bluetooth tags, but suddenly faces more competition from giants like Apple, Amazon, Google, and Samsung. The company that started out of an incubator and crowdfunding campaign has announced it will be acquired by Life360, which calls itself a “leading family safety platform.” The deal is valued at $205 million and is expected to close in the first quarter of 2022.
Subscribers to Tile and Life360 services can expect  some new benefits in their packages
Tile has developed its product line over the years with a variety of different trackers and partnerships with other companies to use its technology. It also has a subscription service, Tile Premium, with extra features, battery replacements, and insurance against potential losses. However, the game may have changed once Apple and Google started building their own item-locating features into iPhones and Android devices. 










Life360 app screenshots
Image: Life360


Life360 bills itself as an overall family safety app, with location sharing between family members, crash detection, and other features. Over the summer, it announced that it has over 1 million paying customers and reported its valuation had crossed $1 billion. It also acquired another item locating hardware startup, Jiobit, which makes cellular-connected trackers for kids and pets.  
Life360 expects the deal will increase the global footprint for both companies, Tile’s non-Bluetooth Finding Network, and create a larger combined subscriber base. Currently listed on the stock exchange in Australia, Life360 says it has plans for a “potential dual listing in the US” next year.










Life360 Platinum and Tile Premium benefits
Image: Life360


In a blog post announcing the Tile acquisition, Life360 CEO and co-founder Chris Hulls says, “The combination of Life360 and Tile means safety just got a whole lot simpler for millions of families and individuals around the world. We’ll be bundling Tile devices as part of our Membership plans, and Tile will offer Life360 Membership benefits to its customers. We’ll also start work on integrating our technologies so Tile devices, Jiobit wearables, and Life360 app customers will show up on a unified map – people, pets, and things all in one place.”


    Related
  
The search is over: smart trackers from Apple, Samsung, and Tile compared
The slippery slope of Bluetooth trackers





Apple launched the $29 AirTag earlier this year that also uses Bluetooth for tracking, but adds precise Ultra Wideband tech and deep integration with the iOS platform that Tile just doesn’t have. And there are indications Google won’t be left behind. Samsung launched its own pocket-sized Bluetooth trackers, and Amazon is building on Echo devices to enable tracking via the Sidewalk network (Tile announced a partnership with Amazon that began in June). 
Tile recently announced its first ultra-wideband enabled tracker, the Tile Ultra, which will launch next year and has the advantage of working with both mobile platforms to provide much more precise tracking. Still, as Tile vice president and general counsel Kirsten Daru said to Congress last year about Apple, “You might be the best soccer team, but you’re playing against a team that owns the stadium, the ball, and the league, and can change the rules when it wants.”










Tile tracker lineup
Image: Tile


Hulls has a more optimistic vision of that reality in mind, as described in his blog post, pointing out that Apple’s introduction of AirPods expanded the market for all Bluetooth headsets much more than a single pioneer like Jawbone could.
Tile says it will continue to operate as an independent entity with the same team, led by current CEO CJ Prober. Prober will join Life360’s board of directors and says in the announcement, “This acquisition not only brings together two incredible teams with complementary missions and values, it paves the way for us to jointly build the world’s leading solutions for peace of mind and safety. “

Roku says it’s working to fix issues that users have been reporting following its 10.5 software update. TechCrunch reported the problems earlier on Monday, citing posts on Reddit and Roku forums where users said that apps like HBO Max, ESPN, Disney Plus, and more wouldn’t allow them to watch any video content after updating the OS on their smart TVs. 
According to Roku, “certain older Roku TV models or older Roku Ultra players” are affected by the problematic update. In a post on its forum, the company instructs users with Roku Ultra models 4660, 4661, 4662, or 4670, and users with a Roku TV model 7XXX to manually check for a software update, and tells owners of other devices to subscribe to the thread for future details.


System update got you down? We're aware of a small set of users on older Roku TVs or Roku Ultra who are experiencing issues after the OS 10.5 release and are working quickly to resolve. See our realtime updates here: https://t.co/fZYqfsgNBS— Roku Support (@RokuSupport) November 22, 2021



TechCrunch says Roku has been having users roll back their OS to a previous version on a case-by-case basis, after the user contacts support with information about their devices. While at least one Reddit user has reported seeing a prompt to “upgrade” from 10.5 to 10.0, Roku doesn’t mention that it’ll be widely offering a downgrade in its posts on Twitter or its forums.
While Roku users have also reported issues with streaming using the YouTube TV app, that particular issue doesn’t appear to be limited to just one platform — Android Police reports that YouTube TV users have been having issues across almost every device, from streaming boxes like Apple TVs, Amazon Fire sticks, and even Google’s own Chromecasts, to consoles and smart TVs (though it notes that iOS and Android users seem unaffected). YouTube’s support team initially said that it was working on a fix for the issue on Roku devices, but later said that the company was looking into the issue on other devices as well.


Sorry to hear about the trouble – we've seen similar reports of YouTube TV freezing intermittently, and our team is looking into the issue. Mind sharing what device (model) you're using, and if this is happening to all programs? Appreciate your patience in the meantime.— TeamYouTube (@TeamYouTube) November 22, 2021



While it’s certainly odd that the two issues appear to be happening at the same time, they don’t seem to be related given that YouTube TV users are seeing freezes regardless of device. Thankfully, both companies appear to be working on ironing out the problems. Roku is actively updating its support post with instructions to check for updates, and Android Police notes that YouTube TV is getting fewer outage reports on DownDetector.com. 
While the fix for Roku users may solve their problems with Netflix, Hulu, and other streaming services, their YouTube TV troubles may not be over — Roku and Google are actively feuding over the YouTube TV not being available on the platform’s store, and Google has threatened to stop distributing its regular YouTube app on Rokus as well come December.

So far, Elizabeth Holmes’ defense has been at pains to show us that Theranos had a real device and worked with real pharmaceutical companies. That actually hasn’t been in question, particularly in the time period the defense was asking about. Still, the point seems to be hey, look, some things at Theranos were real.
But today, in her wire fraud trial, we saw a science-y presentation — not actual science, just the marketing version. We saw the guts of Theranos devices. We heard about the company iterating on the device. We saw emails with pharma companies. 
Theranos’ work with drug companies was never in question; we saw money Theranos made from that work early in the prosecution’s case, with comptroller Danise Yam. The issue with drug companies has been the “validation” reports that Theranos produced about its own technology in those partnerships. Though those reports were written by Theranos employees, investors said they thought the reports had been written by the pharmaceutical companies. 
Holmes acknowledged that Theranos didn’t work with the Defense Department at all
Making matters worse, two reports we saw bore logos for Schering-Plough and Pfizer. The Schering-Plough memo had also been gussied up relative to its original version. When Theranos first sent the report to Schering-Plough, it did not have the pharma company’s logo on it, and read that Theranos “give accurate and precise results.” The version Walgreens saw had Schering-Plough’s logo and language that said “give more accurate and precise results… than current ‘gold standard’ reference methods.”
Investors testified that the work Theranos had done with pharmaceutical companies and the armed forces had been important. They thought that meant the drug companies and the Defense Department had co-signed the technology, using it on clinical trials and in Afghanistan — a lie journalist Roger Parloff heard, too. Today, Holmes acknowledged that Theranos didn’t work with the Defense Department at all.
Her testimony was brief — the trial was delayed an hour and a half for a meeting in the judge’s chambers between attorneys for the two sides. The reason for the meeting wasn’t explained. The court session also ended relatively early, at 1PM Pacific.
Holmes, who seemed at ease on the stand, was asked to explain why the cartridges on the Series 1.0 device didn’t work. They were stacked and held together with adhesive, but the adhesive could come loose, which let the stacked layers peel apart so they wouldn’t work properly. I wasn’t entirely sure why this would matter — we knew Theranos was iterating on the device. 
“A success was that we had successfully achieved the objectives of the program.”
Her answers were largely non-technical; whether that was because she didn’t have technical knowledge, or because she wanted to make sure she wasn’t confusing the jury, wasn’t clear to me. At times, Holmes’ testimony hewed so closely to documents that we were being shown that it was funny. After reading emails, she’d be asked what they meant, and would respond with, nearly word-for-word, a sentence in the email. In a slideshow, one slide was titled “Completed Successes.” Holmes’ attorney, Kevin Downey, asked her what success meant in that context.
“A success was that we had successfully achieved the objectives of the program,” she replied. And when it came to Theranos’ performance? “I remember it being really good.”
The “completed successes,” in Theranos’ parlance, were almost all preliminary drug company studies. One exception was a study done with Stanford, which was actually published. 
The outlines of the work with many drug companies were largely the same. A big drug company would do preliminary work with Theranos, which Holmes would typically characterize as successful. But no clinical trial work manifested. This was true for Merck, Bristol Myers Squibb, and Celgene. Theranos did create tests for AstraZeneca and worked on a clinical trial for Centocor.
“I think calling her every single morning for the last three weeks finally paid off…”
In the Centocor trial, the Theranos device was tested against standard labs. Asked about how her device fared in comparison, Holmes said, “It performed well.”  Many of her answers were brief and matter-of-fact, as though she were discussing the weather.
The most interesting parts of her testimony, however, had to do with Pfizer and Schering-Plough. Crucially, for Holmes to be found guilty of wire fraud, the government must show that she knew she was lying when she gave investors bad information — mistakes aren’t illegal.
So we saw some emails. At Schering-Plough, Constance Cullen had been Theranos’ main point of contact. (Cullen testified earlier, for the prosecution.) As Cullen testified, her company was bought by Merck while she was in contact with Holmes, and since she was put in charge of a newly-combined group, work with Theranos fell by the wayside.
In an email from a Theranos employee to Holmes, the employee wrote that Cullen was swamped with work from the acquisition. “All in all it was awesome,” the email went on. “I think calling her every single morning for the last three weeks finally paid off…” Holmes was asked directly if Cullen informed her of Schering-Plough’s low opinion of Theranos’ tests. Holmes said no.
We’ve seen that a lot of drug companies passed on doing real work with Theranos
You can see where this is going — a very generous read of the situation is that Holmes didn’t realize the technology was bad or that Merck didn’t want to work with her, she just thought that her contact dropped the ball. 
As for Pfizer, the defense produced emails that showed Holmes had continued talking to the company about a partnership as late as 2015. In that email, a Pfizer employee proposed using Theranos’ Walgreens centers as clinical trial sites. This did not come to fruition, and Thearnos didn’t work on a clinical trial for Pfizer. 
It is possible to believe that all these drug companies looked into Theranos’ device and chose not to move forward for unrelated reasons  — but that’s a big stretch. Put together, we’ve seen that a lot of drug companies passed on doing real work with Theranos.
The thing about today’s presentation, though, is that Theranos’ early work isn’t contested. According to the government, the fraud didn’t start until later. Besides, liars don’t lie all the time. 
As she gets closer to testifying about some of the other areas of interest, though, I hope there’s just as much contemporaneous email evidence. Because having now heard Parloff’s tapes of Holmes, I was struck by how confidently she’d lied and how believable she sounded. Being preceded by those tapes means that no matter how confident or trustworthy she sounds, I still find myself doubting what she says unless there’s something else to confirm it.

Food delivery platform DoorDash has agreed to pay $5.3 million to the city of San Francisco to settle allegations it failed to provide healthcare and paid sick leave to some 4,500 delivery drivers, as the city requires. The company did not admit wrongdoing as part of the settlement, most of which will be used to reimburse drivers who made deliveries in the city between 2016 and 2020, before a new state law covering gig workers took effect. 
California’s gig workers law, which voters approved in November 2020 as ballot measure Proposition 22, allows companies like Uber, Lyft, and DoorDash to treat workers as independent contractors, not employees. A judge ruled in August that the law was unconstitutional, but it remains in effect pending an appeal by the companies. 
“We believe (DoorDash couriers) were misclassified and should have been employees for years,” San Francisco City Attorney David Chiu told the San Francisco Chronicle, which was first to report the news Monday. “That is not part of the settlement but it is the perspective of the city.” As part of the settlement announced Monday, most drivers will get between $500 and $1,000, and the Chronicle reported that both sides agreed to the settlement to avoid a prolonged court battle. 
“We are proud of the flexible earning opportunities and meaningful benefits and protections Proposition 22 affords Dashers across California,” DoorDash spokeswoman Briana Megid said in a statement emailed to The Verge. “While we deny any wrongdoing, we feel that this settlement represents a fair compromise that will allow us to focus on continuing to provide the best experience for Dashers.” 



On Monday, the Federal Communications Commission voted to approve Verizon Wireless’ purchase of Tracfone in a deal worth more than $6 billion, positioning Verizon to become one of the largest prepaid service providers in the US.
Tracfone is the largest reseller of wireless devices in the US and maintains over 20 million subscribers with more than 90,000 retail locations. Verizon’s Tracfone acquisition combines the largest mobile virtual network operator (MVNO) with the largest wireless provider in the country. When Verizon first proposed the deal last September, the company said that the acquisition would bolster Tracfone’s networks while making low-income wireless services more competitive. 
“After rigorous review, the Commission found that the transaction, as modified by Verizon’s enforceable commitments, will make Verizon and Tracfone stronger providers of prepaid and Lifeline services,” the FCC said in a Monday press release.
It’s unclear which commissioners voted to approve the deal. Currently, there are only two Democrats and two Republicans serving at the agency, meaning at least one Democrat would have been required to approve the purchase.
As part of its decision to approve the deal, the FCC said that it would be requiring Verizon to make several consumer protection agreements with the agency. First, Verizon promised to continue its participation in the Lifeline subsidy program for at least seven years. The company must also provide “cost-effective” 5G devices and services to Lifeline customers. Verizon must also submit semi-annual reports describing how its compliance meets these restrictions. 
Last Thursday, the California Public Utility Commission approved the deal, mandating similar restrictions to those imposed by the FCC. However, the California regulators required Verizon’s Tracfone to participate in the Lifeline program for at least 20 years. Customers will also receive free 5G-compatible devices and should not see wireless plan price increases over the next five years.


Amazon and EA will be giving away free PC games and content through Amazon’s Prime Gaming program for the next few months, so it may be time to check in on the gaming service if you’ve forgotten that it comes included with Prime. This month, Prime subscribers will be able to get a free Origin code for the surprisingly decent remaster of 2010’s Need for Speed: Hot Pursuit, and Amazon says that four more of EA’s “most popular titles” will be coming in 2022 (though given the starting game, it may be worth keeping your expectations in check).
If it’s still November when you’re reading this, you can also snag EA’s Dragon Age Inquisition for free from Prime Gaming. Amazon’s partnership with EA also includes skins for games like Apex Legends and Battlefield 2042, as well as some additional content for EA Sports games that’ll be “rolling out over the coming months.”
EA games aren’t the only ones on offer
As usual, you’ll also be able to get a number of other free games with Prime Gaming as well. The games available in December probably won’t blow your mind but should be good romps for any holiday vacations you have coming up; there’s Frostpunk, Journey to the Savage Planet, Football Manager 2021, and TellTale’s take on the beloved Monkey Island series, Tales of Monkey Island. Also included are:

Morkredd
Spellcaster University
YouTubers Life

Stubbs the Zombie in Rebel Without a Pulse (what a name)

Amazon hasn’t said what EA games will be coming next, but it’s probably worth keeping an eye on. As maligned as the publisher can be (oftentimes for good reasons), it does have some solid titles, and it’d be hard to complain about getting them for free. Personally, I’m crossing my fingers that the collection of remastered Command & Conquer games will be one of the upcoming free titles so I can get a sweet, sweet hit of nostalgia.

Just last week, Walmart made headlines by launching its first commercial US drone delivery service within a 50-mile radius of Pea Ridge, Arkansas — dropping parachute-laden packages from an autonomous Zipline plane to a “hand-selected group of recipients.” Now, it’s already expanding those drone deliveries in another, small way: customers who live in Farmington, Arkansas, can now order small items like cans of tuna, baby supplies, and paper plates starting today. That’s thanks to a partnership with DroneUp, which will also provide drone delivery stations in Rogers, AR and Bentonville, AR “in the coming months.”
While it’s kind of exciting for drone delivery watchers, you should know that it’s also very much baby steps. DroneUp’s traditional quadcopters only deliver within a one-mile radius of a Walmart store — and all three of these stores are within the same region that Zipline already announced it would serve. They do, however, lower their packages down on cables rather than dropping them from the sky. 

 










Here’s what a 1-mile radius around the Farmington Walmart store looks like.

Image via Google Maps and MapDevelopers.com



 









A zoomed out look at Walmart’s drone delivery footprint. Smaller circles are DroneUp 1-mile radii.
Image via Google Maps and MapDevelopers.com




Walmart did seem to have quite the selection of essentials to offer when we typed in a local address. We spotted a 26-count pack of diapers, a box of buttermilk pancake mix, paper plates, crayons, trash bags, vitamins, scotch tape, and page after page of basic food items and baby items (including baby food). Every item has a weight, and the website will only let you check out with 4 pounds of goods or less for a $10 delivery fee. 
The heaviest thing we saw was a 3.87-pound box of Similac baby formula, and the priciest was a $29.88 bottle of extra virgin olive oil. 1.5 pounds worth of canned tuna, a 2.4-pound bottle of Pedialyte and a 3.58-pound box of mixed fruit cups are also within reach if you live in the (tiny) region that Walmart and DroneUp now serve. DroneUp says customers can get orders as quickly as 30 minutes (but isn’t promising a typical delivery time) and says each hub can launch multiple flights per hour. 










(Weirdly, you can’t sort Walmart’s items by weight to make selections easier, and the shopping cart doesn’t seem to be smart enough to restrict you by volume: I added 27 lightweight cups of ramen to my cart without triggering a flag at all, and I’m pretty sure they won’t all fit in that drone.)
Walmart and DroneUp previously trialed COVID-19 test drone deliveries in a one-mile radius of stores in North Las Vegas and Cheektowaga, New York, and Walmart made an undisclosed investment in DroneUp this summer. DroneUp still isn’t saying what Walmart invested or how much.
Here’s a video from DroneUp about what the deliveries might look like:





Dodge will cease production of its gas-powered Charger sedan and Challenger coupe in 2024 in order to make way for the automaker’s first electric vehicles. 
Dodge Brand CEO Tim Kuniskis shed some new light on the timeline in an interview this week with Motor Trend. The company will roll out its first electric muscle concept car in 2022, followed by a plug-in hybrid vehicle and a mysterious third vehicle. 
Dodge had previously announced its intention to produce its first EV in 2024 during a July event covering electric vehicle strategy by the automaker’s parent company, Stellantis. During the event, Kuniskis proclaimed that Dodge would not “sell electric cars — it will sell eMuscle,” which is apparently Dodge branding for its future EVs. The first eMuscle cars will go into production in 2024. 
Dodge had previously announced its intention to produce its first EV in 2024 
At the time, Kuniskis didn’t reveal the fate of the company’s internal combustion engine vehicles. Now we know that they will be phased out as the company shifts resources over to EV production. “These cars that you know today will go out of production by the time we get to 2024,” Kuniskis told Motor Trend. 
Dodge’s future EVs will sport the Fratzog logo that was initially used by the company in the 1960s and 70s. It features a split deltoid made of three arrowhead shapes that form a three-pointed star. The new version is designed to be three-dimensional and includes LED lighting.
In addition to electric versions of Charger and Challenger vehicles, Dodge also plans on producing electric trucks, including a battery-powered Ram 1500 that would compete with Ford’s upcoming F-150 Lightning. Dodge’s sister companies, like Jeep, Chrysler, and brands from the PSA Groupe, are also producing EVs. 
It remains unclear how muscle car fans will react to the news that their beloved Hemi engines aren’t long for this world. EVs are no slouches when it comes to acceleration, with many electric sports cars boasting of quicker 0–60 times than most gas equivalents. Where they do differentiate, though, is the sound — or rather the absence of sound — as they accelerate. 

Update November 222th, 6:50PM ET: Walmart has sold out. We’ll be sure to keep you updated when we hear of another round of free or paywalled restocks.
Walmart kicked off its Black Friday deals with a bang, granting Walmart Plus subscribers early access to a big console restock. Paid members can now have a go at snagging a PlayStation 5 (both the $499.99 disc-based version and $399.99 digital version are available) or the $499.99 Xbox Series X console. 
To get this early access to boost your chances of getting a console (though it’s no guarantee), you’ll need to be a paying member to Walmart Plus, starting at $12.99 per month. To reiterate, members sampling the free trial will not get early access to this restock or Walmart’s myriad Black Friday deals that launch an hour earlier at 3PM ET. 
Here are the links, with more details about this restock beneath them.

















PlayStation 5




                $500
              





Sony’s flagship next-gen console, which includes a disc drive, allows you to play both digital and physical games for the PS4 and PS5. 







              $500
              

at Best Buy
            






















PlayStation 5 Digital Edition 




                $400
              





The PS5 Digital Edition costs $400. Compared to the standard PS5, this console is $100 less and does not include a Blu-ray disc drive.







              $400
              

at Target
            






















Microsoft Xbox Series X




                $500
              





The Xbox Series X is Microsoft’s flagship console, serving as its most powerful (and biggest) option. While the Series S is aimed at smooth 1440p performance and takes a disc-less aproach, the $500 Series X is focused on fast, 4K gameplay.







              $500
              

at Walmart
            





Hey, if you miss out on a chance to get the Series X, it might save your case during the holidays that the smaller, less-powerful Series S is more readily available and costs less at $299.99. It lacks a disc drive and has half the storage of the Series X (512GB), but it has many of the same features as the high-end console. It targets 1440p resolution for some content, and it can boost certain games up to 120 frames per second, but it could be a great fit for someone who still uses a 1080p TV or monitor.

















Microsoft Xbox Series S




                $300
              





The Xbox Series S is far smaller than the more capable Xbox Series X, which also features double the storage and a disc drive. The Series S can still tackle the same games, though, including original Xbox, Xbox 360, and Xbox One games.







              $300
              

at Best Buy
            





              $300
              

at Newegg
            





              $300
              

at Walmart
            





If you say nay to Walmart Plus, the restock will open up to everyone else three hours later at 7PM ET / 4PM PT, though it’s tough to determine how much stock Walmart will have left. Personally, I can’t see the retailer leaving non-subscribers totally high and dry. And with the restock being printed in its Black Friday ad, I expect Walmart to have a surplus of inventory. That said, what’s available will still sell out very quickly.
As for what to expect when the time comes, a Walmart spokesperson shared with The Verge that it will “roll out consoles and other hot items in separate windows to help unlock a smooth online shopping experience.” Hopefully, that means the site will be stable during the restock.
In case you don’t know the drill at this point, make sure you’re logged in to your Walmart Plus account, with the correct payment method and shipping address entered in ahead of time.


    Related
  
The best early Black Friday deals you can get right now

Add these to your cart before the restock
What’s a console without extra games, controllers, or accessories? One that isn’t nearly as fun to use as it should be. Load these items into your Walmart cart ahead of time, so you can get it all at once when the consoles drop. Though, in some cases, you can find better deals at other retailers.
For PS5

















Midnight black DualSense controller




                $69
              





The midnight black DualSense controller sports the same hardware as the original — haptic feedback, adaptive triggers, etc. — only with a two-tone design reminiscent of PS2, PS3, and PS4 consoles.







              $69
              

at Walmart
            






















Sony Pulse 3D headset




                $99
              





Sony’s own wireless gaming headset, made to showcase the PS5’s 3D Audio effect, also works on the PS4.







              $99
              

at Walmart
            





              $100
              

at Best Buy
            






















PlayStation Plus digital subscription (annual)




                $40
              

                $60
              

                  34% off
                





A membership to PlayStation Plus allows PlayStation 4 and PS5 owners to play games online, download free titles every month, and take advantage of discounts on the PS Store.







              $40
              

at Best Buy
            





              $40
              

at Amazon
            





For Xbox

















Xbox Wireless Headset




                $100
              





You don’t have to miss a call while you game thanks to Microsoft’s Xbox Wireless Headset, which often sells for $89 instead of its full $100. In our review, we found it to be a comfortable, intuitively designed headset that’s well worth its cost. In addition to working well with Xbox consoles, it can connect to another device simultaneously via Bluetooth.








              $100
              

at Best Buy
            





              $89
              

at Walmart
            






















Xbox Wireless Controller




                $49
              

                $60
              

                  19% off
                





Microsoft’s latest Xbox controller features a Share button and a USB-C charging port if you decide to use the optional rechargeable battery.







              $49
              

at GameStop
            





              $55
              

at Walmart
            






















Xbox Game Pass Ultimate (three months)




                $45
              





Xbox Game Pass Ultimate offers access to more than 100 games, including Doom, Gears 5, and the soon-to-be-released Halo Infinite, which you’ll be able to play on multiple devices.







              $45
              

at Target
            






















Microsoft Xbox Series S




                $300
              





The Xbox Series S is far smaller than the more capable Xbox Series X, which also features double the storage and a disc drive. The Series S can still tackle the same games, though, including original Xbox, Xbox 360, and Xbox One games.







              $300
              

at Best Buy
            





              $300
              

at Newegg
            





              $300
              

at Walmart
            












        Sign up for the
        
          newsletter
        
      
      Verge Deals
    
Subscribe to get the best Verge-approved tech deals of the week.






Just one more thing!
Please confirm your subscription to Verge Deals via the verification email we just sent you.




Email (required)






        By signing up, you agree to our Privacy Notice and European users agree to the data transfer policy.
        
      
Subscribe







General Motors has taken a 25 percent stake in Pure Watercraft, a Seattle-based startup that makes electric outboard motors and batteries for boats, CNBC reports.
The deal is worth $150 million, though that’s split between cash and payment-in-kind contributions from GM. The two companies didn’t tell CNBC what that split will look like, but GM “will become a supplier of components to Pure Watercraft, a co-developer of new products, and will provide engineering, design and manufacturing expertise to help [Pure Watercraft] establish new factories,” according to the report.
GM struck a similar deal — though half the size — with Lordstown Motors in 2020 as part of that electric pickup truck startup’s merger with a special purpose acquisition company. (A good chunk of the value attributed to the deal was the factory GM sold to Lordstown Motors, which is now being bought by Foxconn as part of the Taiwanese electronics giant’s push into EVs.) The automaker also once had a deal in place to receive $2 billion of stock in hydrogen-electric trucking startup Nikola in exchange for access to parts, components, and some manufacturing. But that deal fell apart after Nikola was accused of fraud in September 2020.
GM has made far less rocky bets outside of the EV space. It bought self-driving startup Cruise in 2016, and backed an MIT spinoff focused on batteries in 2015. As CNBC points out, CEO Mary Barra telegraphed that the company was looking into watercraft in an October blog post:
We are delivering hardware platforms that will help put everybody in an electric vehicle – even beyond our own vehicles. Our Ultium battery platform and HYDROTEC fuel cell platform give us the potential to make planes, trains, automobiles and even boats into zero emission products.
Pure Watercraft is one of a number of startups trying to electrify boating, though it’s one that’s been chipping away at the idea for 10 years. It sells outboard motors and water-tight battery packs, and also collaborates with a number of boat makers to sell ready-to-go electric boats in different shapes and sizes.

Hitman 3 VR will become available on PC next year, according to an announcement by game developer IO Interactive, which outlines the roadmap of content that players can expect in Hitman 3’s second year.


We're excited to announce that HITMAN 3 - Year 2 starts on 20 January 2022.Prepare for new maps, new storylines, new modes and new ways to play. pic.twitter.com/ALtABxoaqx— HITMAN 3 (@Hitman) November 22, 2021



One of the most significant updates is VR support for PC, as the VR version of the game was exclusive to PlayStation VR when it first came out. The accompanying “Year 2” video briefly shows Hitman 3 VR played with both an Oculus Rift S and Valve Index. The experience already looks more immersive than the PSVR version, which only supports the DualShock 4 gamepad and its limited motion controls — this means you can’t even use the more intuitive Move controllers with it.
Aside from Hitman 3 VR arriving on PC, IO Interactive also announced that the game has officially hit 50 million players, making it the most popular Hitman game in the series. In addition, IO Interactive is adding a series of new maps, storylines, and modes next year, along with the permanent addition of Elusive Target Arcade mode and support for ray-tracing on PC. 
Hitman 3 VR is coming to PC in January 2022, but details still remain sparse. IO Interactive notes that it will provide more information about the game’s supported platforms and technical specifications before the start of Year 2 on January 20th, 2022.

Last year, it seemed like the Oura Ring was everywhere. Researchers were studying whether the smart ring (and other wearables) could one day detect illness, and right on cue, the NBA announced it bought 2,000 Oura Rings to monitor athletes. Prince Harry has been a fan for years, and celebrities like Jennifer Aniston and Kim Kardashian West have also been spotted wearing the sleep tracker. That’s already a lot of buzz for a niche gadget, but the third-generation Oura Ring also adds ambitious new features like period prediction and blood oxygen. The question is whether it’s worth committing to a $299 smart ring that now requires a monthly subscription.






Our review of 
Oura Ring Generation 3


Verge Score
7.5 out of 10






Good Stuff

Emphasizes rest and recovery
Comfortable to wear all day
Ambitious health tracking features





Bad Stuff

Several new features aren’t available yet
New users need a subscription
You have to commit for the long haul upfront 






Buy for $299.00 from Oura



For a ring with such fashionable devotees, it’s quite plain. My gold review unit isn’t too far off from what Frodo schlepped to Mordor. It also comes in silver and black, as well as a matte black version called “stealth.” So while you won’t turn heads, it’s perfect at blending seamlessly into your life. It doesn’t catch on your clothes, it’ll never buzz when you get notifications, and it’s way more comfortable than wearing a smartwatch 24/7. Most days, even I forgot it was a smart ring. 
This kind of disappearing act is no easy feat. The new Oura Ring packs in four more temperature sensors for a total of seven, a new green LED heart rate sensor, and an SpO2 sensor for monitoring blood oxygen levels. That’s on top of the battery and accelerometers. (If you look at the inside of the ring, you can catch a glimpse of how tiny these sensors are.) So while the ring is a little wider than I’d prefer — especially for petite fingers or smaller hands — it’s a fair trade-off considering where the tech is at today.
While it’s impressive Oura crammed this much into such a small form factor, it’s not without its quirks. Unlike a normal ring, you have to check if the sensors are positioned correctly if you want the most accurate metrics. Since you’re wearing it all day and night, you also have to be diligent about keeping the sensors clean. Fit is also important since it isn’t adjustable. You rarely need to measure your wrist to buy a smartwatch, but for the ring, you have to wait two to seven days for a free sizing kit. Oura then recommends you test a dummy ring for at least a day before placing an order. But like a smartwatch, the ring needs to be charged. It takes about two hours to get up to 100% battery, and you’ll get about a week on a single charge with normal use.
 









Both the Oura Ring Gen 3 (middle) and Gen 2 (left) are much thicker than normal rings.
Photo by Victoria Song / The Verge



The Oura Ring bills itself as a sleep and recovery tracker. It literally doesn’t do anything else (yet). The app centers around three scores: readiness, sleep, and activity. Each is calculated based on the heart rate, temperature, and activity data collected by the ring. A high score is good, while a low score means you might need to take it easy or reevaluate your habits. That’s the gist, and you could happily ignore all the other data it throws your way. But if you want more insight, prepare to do a lot of reading.
Take your sleep score. Oura determines that by looking at factors such as total sleep, REM sleep, and deep sleep — fairly typical sleep metrics that other wearable devices provide, too. Then there are also more novel metrics like “timing,” which refers to the midpoint of your total sleep falling between midnight and 3AM. Likewise, your readiness score uses something called “recovery index,” or the time it takes for your resting heart rate to stabilize during sleep. Thankfully, each of these metrics comes with little explainers as to why they matter. 
These three scores are at the core of the Oura experience. However, the third gen’s new sensors add even more data to the mix. Previously, the ring only measured your heart rate when sleeping. But with the new green LED, you can now track your daytime heart rate. That introduces new terms, like restorative time, and graphs of heart rate trends. Restorative time refers to periods of relaxation where the ring detects your heart rate is low and, strangely enough, your hands are warm. (Oura’s chief of product, Chris Becherer, says this is because skin temperature increases when you’re more relaxed.) There’s also a guide so you can interpret what patterns you’re seeing. For instance, a low, flat daytime heart rate pattern is called an “Open Ocean” and shows you’ve had a chill day. Meanwhile, a hammock-shaped heart rate curve indicates your body recovered well during the night. It’s a lot to take in, but Oura gets kudos for including both bite-sized and in-depth explanations to give you more context. 
 









Restorative time is a new metric that’s part of daytime heart rate monitoring. The Explore tab is also new.



But is it accurate? Daytime heart rate monitoring was in line with other trackers. In random spot checks, it was within five beats per minute of what I was getting on my Apple Watch Series 7. There were times where they weren’t in sync, but that usually evened out after a few seconds. Basically, the Series 7 will get you a faster real-time heart rate, but Oura’s daily data is presented in a more digestible format. I’m also tickled that the Oura Ring saw my nightly Pokémon sessions as restorative time. 
As for sleep tracking, some wearables I’ve tested have struggled to tell when I’m awake at 4AM because the cat is yowling at the moon. For my fellow insomniacs, some trackers count those sleepless hours spent staring at the ceiling as sleep. I didn’t have that problem here. It was able to tell when I left the bed for midnight snacks and correctly identified when I was awake but trying to fall back asleep. I can’t tell you how accurate the sleep stages data is, however, as I don’t have access to clinical equipment. But my sleep data did correspond to what I got on the Sleep Cycle app on my phone and consistently outperformed the Withings ScanWatch I was testing alongside the Oura. 










You can choose whether you want your metrics to be easy-to-digest or if you want to go deep.
Screenshot by Victoria Song / The Verge


When I reviewed the second-gen Oura Ring, the readiness score was hit-or-miss. Some days, it told me to take it easy when I felt fine. Others, I was a walking trainwreck and was told to challenge myself. This time around, however, it seems to have gotten better at recognizing bodily stress. I was sick for a week, and my readiness scores, which were in the high 70s–80s, plummeted to the 50s–60s. I also appreciated the ability to turn on a “rest mode,” which shuts off your activity score and prioritizes your readiness and sleep. More fitness trackers should follow Oura’s lead. 
Along that line, Oura’s activity score emphasizes weekly activity over arbitrary daily goals. It’s OK if you’ve been chained to your desk all day — you won’t get shamed for it. Instead, your score will only start to dip if you don’t meet your goals three or more days in a week. It also accounts for your training load and will adjust your daily calorie burn target depending on your readiness score. 
SpO2, the new sleep algorithms, and workout heart rate won’t be available until later this year or early 2022
Another neat feature is quantified meditation sessions. I normally pass on woo-woo guided mindfulness features, but Oura caters to data nerds. After each session, you can view how it impacted your heart rate, heart rate variation (HRV), and skin temperature. Just this week, the company also added a new Explore tab to the app, which organizes audio and video content and provides more educational reading.
As for all the marquee features like SpO2 and period predictions — I’d love to tell you about my experience, but I can’t. 
I did, however, get a demo of the workout heart rate tracking feature. Based on what I saw, workout heart rate tracking is minimalistic and will initially support just running, walking, and cycling. The record screen doesn’t show any metrics — which is good for distraction-free exercise — but will show a summary of your stats, route, splits, and heart rate once the activity is finished. Until then, you can import workouts from Apple Health and Google Fit (or any app like Strava that integrates with those APIs).
 









Period predictions are in beta, but you get advance notifications based on your temperature. 



Period predictions are live and in beta, but I’ve only had this device for three weeks, and Oura recommends at least two months of continuous data. In the meantime, the app will use a combination of skin temperature data, user feedback, and the calendar method for initial predictions. TL;DR — I won’t be able to see how accurate Oura’s period predictions are for several months.
The feature also won’t be available at launch if you use contraceptives, as Becherer says the Oura team is still conducting additional testing. Current Oura users might be able to skip that two-month wait if they’ve got enough data banked, but only if and when they upgrade. This feature won’t come to Oura Ring Gen 2 owners. 
This sums up why the Oura Ring can be frustrating. Oura’s looking far off into the future of wearables, and it’s counting on its customers to feel like the wait is worth it. You can see that in how Oura participates in several studies to see if it can be used to detect illness and predict pregnancy. In conversations with Oura CEO Harpreet Rai and Becherer, both emphasized this is a baby step toward more ambitious women’s health features and research. 
It also means much of what makes the ring cool may be invisible to the average person. Becherer confirmed that the new sleep algorithms are a back-end update, and you won’t see any UI change in the app. Your data will simply be more accurate. He also told me that there’s “nothing we can share on SpO2 Sensing right now” but that the feature would launch in 2022. For each of Oura’s available features, you’ll get the best results only if you wear it every day for months. That’s a big commitment, and if you’re going to buy in, it has to be something you’re okay with.
 









The ring comes with a little USB-C charging stand.



It doesn’t help that Oura is switching to a subscription model. The company says it’s doing so precisely because it has such ambitious plans in this space. Unfortunately, the research that Oura (as well as Apple and Fitbit) partake in is expensive, and increasingly, one-time hardware sales aren’t keeping the lights on for smaller companies. It’s also where wearables are headed. Fitbit has Fitbit Premium, Apple introduced Fitness Plus, and Whoop — another recovery tracker — requires a $30 monthly subscription.
Compared to those, Oura membership is on the affordable side. You get six months free, and after that, it’s $5.99 a month. Current Oura ring owners also get a free lifetime membership if they upgrade — and if they don’t, they won’t get charged extra. Also, Oura says on its FAQ page that if you cancel or choose not to subscribe, you’ll still be able to see your readiness, sleep, and activity scores.
Oura’s looking far off into the future of wearables, and it’s counting on its customers to feel like the wait is worth it
If you’re a diehard Oura user, you should upgrade and take advantage of that free lifetime membership before it expires on November 29th. For everyone else, it boils down to whether you’re ready to commit. Whoop is cheaper in the short term, but it tips in Oura’s favor if you’re in it for the long haul. A cheaper Fitbit will also get you excellent sleep tracking and recovery metrics, on top of other smart features like notifications and contactless payments.
So is the Oura Ring worth it? If recovery is important to you, but you prefer analog watches or you don’t find wrist-based trackers comfortable, then I’d say yes. Unlike the failed Motiv Ring, it’s not trying to do too much. It’s trying to be an excellent health tracker, and on that front, few others do it better.
Photography by Victoria Song / The Verge


Agree to Continue: Oura Ring Generation 3
Every smart device now requires you to agree to a series of terms and conditions before you can use it — contracts that no one actually reads. It’s impossible for us to read and analyze every single one of these agreements. But we started counting exactly how many times you have to hit “agree” to use devices when we review them since these are agreements most people don’t read and definitely can’t negotiate.
To use an Oura Ring, you must pair it with an iOS / Android smartphone. That includes the phone’s Terms of Service, privacy policy, and any other permissions you grant. 
By using the Oura Ring Generation 3, you’re agreeing to these mandatory agreements:

Oura Ring Terms of Use
Oura Ring Health Privacy Policy
Oura Teams Privacy Policy

There are several optional agreements for health sharing:

If you integrate with Apple Health/Google Fit, you agree to their terms
You can select which metrics are shared to or read from Apple Health / Google Fit
You can agree to import workouts from other apps. If you do, you agree to that app’s terms as well as Apple Health/Google Fit.
If you participate in the period prediction beta, you must agree to Oura’s data collection terms.

Final tally: Whatever your phone requires, three mandatory Oura policies and at least four optional agreements for health sharing. 




Twitter is introducing aliases for participants in its Birdwatch moderation tool so they don’t have to include their usernames in notes they leave on others’ tweets, the company announced in a blog post Monday. The social media platform launched the pilot of Birdwatch in January as a way to crowdsource fact-checking on tweets that might contain misleading or inaccurate information. But the company said contributors in the pilot Birdwatch program “overwhelmingly voiced a preference for contributing under aliases. This preference was strongest for women and Black contributors.”


 Introducing Birdwatch aliases!  We want everyone to feel comfortable contributing to Birdwatch, and aliases let you write and rate notes without sharing your Twitter username. pic.twitter.com/ROlbpYvT7u— Birdwatch (@birdwatch) November 22, 2021



Twitter said its research shows that aliases have the potential to reduce bias by putting the focus not on the author of a Birdwatch note but on the note’s content. It also found that aliases may help to “reduce polarization by helping people feel comfortable crossing partisan lines.” 
Twitter introduced a pilot of the Birdwatch program in January, which allows participating users to fact-check tweets and add notes with additional context. Birdwatch participants can also rate each others’ notes. The notes aren’t otherwise visible on Twitter but are displayed on the public Birdwatch website. Applicants to the Birdwatch program are asked to promise to act in good faith and “be helpful, even to those who disagree,” as conditions for participating: “Genuinely and constructively contribute to help others stay informed. Do not attempt to game or manipulate the system.”
Twitter also said Monday it was rolling out Birdwatch profile pages “to ensure this change doesn’t come at the expense of accountability.” This will make users’ past Birdwatch contributions visible and allow contributors to be “accountable” to the ratings their notes receive. 
For people participating in the Birdwatch pilot who contributed under their Twitter usernames prior to Monday, all previous contributions will now appear to come from whatever alias they choose, not their Twitter username. “That said, if someone who previously read one of your notes happened to recall the username that wrote it, they could possibly infer your alias,” the company noted, adding that users could opt to delete all of their prior Birdwatch contributions by contacting Twitter directly in a DM to @birdwatch.

GoDaddy has suffered a security breach that gave an attacker access to more than 1 million email addresses belonging to the company’s active and inactive Managed WordPress users, according to a disclosure it filed with the SEC on Monday.
The company says the attacker gained access to a provisioning system (meant to set up and automatically configure new sites when customers create them) in early September by “using a compromised password.” GoDaddy says that it noticed the intrusion on November 17th and immediately locked the attacker out before beginning an investigation and contacting law enforcement.
The compromised password gave the attacker access to emails and much more
The hackers had access to more than just the email addresses — they could also see the original WordPress admin passwords set by the provisioner, as well as the credentials for active users’ databases and sFTP systems. The company also says that some customers had their private SSL keys exposed, which are responsible for proving that a website is who it says it is (powering the little lock icon you often see in your browser’s address bar). 
According to GoDaddy, it’s working to mitigate the issues by resetting affected passwords and regenerating security certificates if needed. The company also says that it’s “contacting all impacted customers directly with specific details.” While those seem like appropriate steps, having to deal with a reset password will probably be a nuisance for some of its users.
GoDaddy didn’t immediately respond to a request for comment about how the attacker gained access to the password the company says was used to gain access to its systems. Its announcement does say, however, that its investigation is ongoing. 
In recent intrusions at other companies, phishing or social engineering has been to blame (though there have also been instances of simply poor password security). GoDaddy itself has some pretty upsetting history with testing its employees’ cybersecurity awareness when it comes to fake emails, but attackers really only need to get lucky once to access treasure troves of data. 

Twitter is hosting its first shopping livestream on November 28th at 7PM ET, the company announced today as it becomes the latest social media platform to embrace the trend. 
The “Cyber Deals Sunday” stream will be a collaboration with Walmart and will take place during the post-Thanksgiving weekend, which is traditionally associated with big sales promotions. Twitter describes the livestream, which will be hosted by Jason Derulo, as a “30-minute variety show” that will feature “electronics, home goods, apparel, seasonal décor, surprise special guests, and much more.” 
Twitter joins a growing trend towards shopping-focused livestreams on social media, providing a modern QVC-style shopping experience with influencers and integrated shopping links. In this month alone, Meta’s Facebook has announced a test of a “Live Shopping for creators” feature, Pinterest debuted a live shopping series called “Pinterest TV,” and YouTube expanded its livestream shopping feature with a week-long shopping event called “YouTube Holiday Stream and Shop.” It’s a trend that’s well and truly taken hold in China, where Bloomberg reports that Gen Z consumers are increasingly shifting away from traditional e-commerce retailers towards making purchases via social media.










The components of the shopping interface.
Image: Twitter


Promotional images show how Twitter’s live shopping interface is split between a video livestream, an online catalog, and a feed of tweets. The stream will continue playing in a picture-in-picture mode if you follow a link to a retailer’s website. Twitter says the shopping elements will only be available on iOS and desktop at first, while Android users will be able to watch the stream but not engage with its shopping capabilities. 


    Related
  
The best early Black Friday deals you can get right now

Twitter is characterizing its Walmart stream as a “test” and declined to comment on what form future livestreams might take. However, it did confirm that it only plans for brands to be able to host shopping livestreams for now, and not regular Twitter users.
Twitter’s new livestream shopping feature comes on the heels of a pilot of a new Shop Module it launched in July this year, which allows select brands to add a shopping section to the top of their profiles. Initially launched with around a dozen brands, Twitter says it’s expanding the feature to more merchants in the US “in the coming weeks.” The platform hasn’t been shy about its attempts to diversify its revenue streams beyond traditional advertising and has also launched premium subscription features in an attempt to make money more directly from its users.
Correction November 22nd, 12:25PM ET: An earlier version of the story said the livestream will start at 12PM ET, it will start at 7PM ET on November 28th. We regret the error.

Qualcomm has announced some key changes to how it brands its Snapdragon chips, including a shift away from the three-digit numbering system it’s been using to differentiate between its products for years. The news comes ahead of the company’s expected next-gen flagship chip debut at the Snapdragon Tech Summit on November 30th.
To start, Snapdragon will now exist as a standalone brand, separate from the “Qualcomm” brand (which won’t be showing up as much on its chips). It’s a direction the company has started moving in earlier this year (the Snapdragon 888 Plus badge, for example, notably lacked the word “Qualcomm”), but today’s news solidifies that plan going forward.










The already “Qualcomm”-less Snapdragon 888 Plus icon
Image: Qualcomm


But the biggest change might be in how the company handles actually naming its semiconductor products. For years, Qualcomm has labeled its chips with three-digit names, like the Snapdragon 480, Snapdragon 765, or Snapdragon 888. The first number broadly informed customers how powerful the chip was (with the 8-series chips serving as flagships, while 4-series models were for entry-level products). The second number typically indicated annual generational releases (going from a Snapdragon 865 to an 875), while changes in the third number generally showed more minor updates (like the Snapdragon 765G to the Snapdragon 768G). 
Qualcomm was running out of numbers to use
The problem, though, is that in addition to being slightly jargony and confusing to keep track of, Qualcomm is also simply running out of numbers in its naming scheme. The 8-series lineup hit Snapdragon 888 last year, the 7-series is already at Snapdragon 780, and the 6-series is already on the brink with the Snapdragon 695. 
Going forward, though, Qualcomm says that it’ll be shifting to “a single-digit series and generation number, aligning with other product categories,” starting with the upcoming announcement of its next 8-series flagship (which had previously been expected to be called the Snapdragon 898, based on Qualcomm’s old pattern). Qualcomm already uses a generational naming scheme for its Snapdragon PC processors, like the Snapdragon 8cx Gen 2 or the Snapdragon 7c Gen 2, too, so the change isn’t coming out of nowhere. 

Unfortunately, Qualcomm isn’t actually saying what that new branding scheme will be, although that announcement is expected to come at the Snapdragon Tech Summit next week. Instead, the company has published a vague hype reel that features the number eight a lot to tease out the new, top-secret naming scheme. 
In addition to the as-yet-unrevealed naming scheme, Qualcomm also announced a few other details about its Snapdragon branding plan. Going forward, the company plans to emphasize the use of gold to indicate top-tier flagship products. It’s going to stop explicitly calling out 5G on chips, noting that “5G has become ubiquitous” across its product lineup and will be “a given.” 

Britain’s health secretary announced Sunday that he’s launched a review of racial and gender biases in medical devices, triggered by reports that blood oxygen monitoring devices work less well on people with darker skin. 
Secretary Sajid Javid told the BBC that he thinks it’s possible that some people died during the COVID-19 pandemic because of those discrepancies and that they may have contributed to the overall higher death rates in Black and South Asian people in the United Kingdom. 
“The possibility that a bias — even an inadvertent one — could lead to a poorer health outcome is totally unacceptable,” Javid wrote in the Sunday Times. 
Research published in the New England Journal of Medicine in late 2020 found that pulse oximeters, which usually calculate the amount of oxygen in the bloodstream by sending light through the fingertip, are more likely to miss low levels of oxygen in Black patients than white patients. The finding also caught the attention of United States lawmakers, who asked the Food and Drug Administration to review the devices. The agency put out a warning about its limitations in February. 
The review will look at bias in all medical devices, not just pulse oximeters, and will evaluate them for gender bias, as well as racial bias. Javid didn’t specifically call out medical algorithms, but those could potentially be included as they’re often regulated as medical devices in the US and UK. Over the past few years, expert analysis of algorithms showed that they’re often built in ways that reproduce racial bias. 
Javid said he’d been discussing the issue with US Secretary of Health and Human Services Xavier Becerra and hopes to work with the US and other nations on international standards for medical devices. 


Justin Lunny, CEO of the UK-based electric vehicle conversion company Everrati, sees his work as more than just taking on iconic vehicles, like the VW Microbus, and giving them an electric powertrain. “Our ethos is about redefining the cars,” Lunny said in an interview with The Verge. “We redefine them as an EV.” After two years in operation, Lunny is finally bringing that ethos to the US in the hopes of tapping into a growing EV conversion market.
No structure is damaged during the process of converting the cars: “To the untrained eye, they look like a beautiful, original Porsche or GT40 or Land Rover... true to the essence of the original, but without any emissions anymore,” Lunny shares. 
All conversions are also reversible to retain value. For example, a converted 1991 Porsche can be unbolted and retuned back to its original state. Still, Lunny doesn’t anticipate any customers ever reversing their vehicles back to running gas, but the fact that they can do it was important. “No one will ever do it, but it’s a good thing to show,” Lunny said.










Everrati founders posing in front of a GT40 and a Porsche. Left is Justin Lunny (co-founder and CEO), right is Nick Williams (co-founder and COO)
Image: Everrati


Lunny has a background in building financial-technology companies, selling one of them in 2017. “My passions, however, are cars alongside tech,” he said. To that end, Everrati is mostly a self-funded operation, but it does include some investors. According to Lunny, Everrati is seeing 45 percent of customer interest coming from the US, a place where the company was not initially promoting itself.
The first US orders are coming from high-income areas in California and Florida, in addition to New York and Long Island. All of Everrati’s customers are wealthy tech and auto enthusiasts, with the first customer in the US being a “tech billionaire,” according to Lunny, who won’t share the customer’s identity. He describes Everrati’s main customers more eloquently: “High net-worth, sort of thought leaders, really; they believe in sustainability, but they got style,” he said.
Whilst I am not going to be the next Elon Musk, I have an idea
“If you look at the Prius generation and the early Tesla generation... I generally see it [like] this kind of feel for what we are doing now,” Lunny explained. Tesla started off with selling the original Roadster to wealthy individuals first and then used that to make more affordable cars. Lunny sees a similar path for Everrati as it looks to its next round of funding the US: “Whilst I am not going to be the next Elon Musk, I have an idea that... these beautiful cars should be allowed to continue being driven.”
Everrati is a small firm but growing. The company currently stands at 19 employees, two of which were hired in recent weeks. To achieve “OEM high-quality standards” of engineering, Everrati hired several engineers from top manufacturers, including Lotus, McLaren, and a business partner from Mercedes-Benz. It also recently poached Amit Chandarana, vice president and head of commercial for Gettacar, an online used car retailer, to serve as a senior advisor for the US-based operation.
Everrati chooses specific cars and starts with the conversion work. When all the engineering and tooling are complete, the newly electric cars become available to order in the online configurator as a “customizable project.”










An Everrati electric converted classic Land Rover.
Image: Everrati


If a customer wanted a Porsche 964, they can either bring their own, or Everrati will go find one and then convert it using the process it already built. But it can take time to complete a single project. For example, the process of converting a Land Rover, from development to final product, took 18 months. Everything works as expected, including the speedometer and shifters, which all behave exactly as they would if it were still a gas car.
“If 15 people want a Land Rover, for example, we know that we can build them to the same standard each time, as opposed to 20 different cars coming at different points,” Lunny said. “We kind of production-ize the process.”
Lunny defended the deliberative approach taken by Everrati as what makes the company distinct from the competition. “Dare I say, we are unique in that,” he said. “A lot of other companies will take your car in one day; three months later, you have it back. There’s no — dare I say — testing, security standards... a very different market.”
Electric vehicle conversions of old gas cars seems to be a small but fast-growing market. Companies like Zelectric and EV West are already established in the US and have been converting vehicles for years. Zelectric, in particular, originally started by stuffing Tesla donor parts into classic cars. Even big manufacturers like Ford are getting into the game by reselling Mustang Mach-E motors as drop-in crate motors. Lunny mentions that Ford’s motors are probably good for large American muscle-sized vehicles but does not see Everrati ever using them.
Lunny said the cars that they work on are very iconic and beautiful but acknowledges that they are bad for the environment. “These cars emit their own body weight in CO2 every couple thousand miles,” he said. “As we are moving to clean energy and clean air... lot of people won’t be comfortable with it, I think.”
The starting price of an Everrati converted vehicle is around $200,000, but most cars go for about $500,000. It’s going to go even higher because some customers are bringing in their own classic cars, some of which retail for over $1 million. The long-term goal is to be a real business; Lunny wants Everrati to become an iconic EV brand.
“We start with the high end. The key thing is going to be about quality — it’s about luxury, it’s about beautifully finished almost Concours-standard,” he said, “and that’s the first period of time, and of course, then as when we grow that market share we can look to do, possibly, a wider addressable market as the technology and the cost allows us to do.”










Everrati’s electric Porsche 911 (964) Coupe
Image: Everrati


The highest expense for the company is the batteries. Lunny shared that they have a partner company that builds packs based on Everrati’s design and specifications, with cells coming mostly from Chinese battery company Envision and some from LG. Everrati’s building 700-volt, 60kWh battery packs with liquid cooling, which can DC fast charge at up to 80kW via CCS Combo. Charging can take 45 minutes to go from 20 percent to 85 percent, Lunny said.
The GT40 is Everrati’s “home-grown EV supercar” with partner Superformance and the key next step into the US market. “Our next funding round is to solidify our leadership in the UK, we’ve got some real interest in the UK... and have a production base in California” and will be available to order early next year.
But there are cars that even Everrati won’t touch. Like a Porsche 959 with only 700 miles on the speedometer.
“We politely declined,” Lunny said of the customer who requested the conversion, “because we don’t believe that’s the right thing to do.”

TikTok is expanding its presence on TV screens in a major way. After initially launching in North America on Amazon’s Fire TV platform, the TikTok TV app is today available on Samsung and LG smart TVs — plus Android TV devices, including the Chromecast with Google TV. 
Whereas the massively popular mobile app is intended for “little bursts of joy,” TikTok says its big-screen software is optimized for “a TV home-viewing experience, making it easy to watch content from our For You and Following feeds on the big screen. This includes the most liked and viewed videos across a huge range of categories, from gaming and comedy to food and animals.” There’s a Discover section in the TV app, as well. TikTok videos can be up to three minutes in length. 


    Related
  
The Verge Guide to TikTok

Beyond North America, TikTok has been available on Samsung TVs and Fire TV in the UK since 2020. The app surpassed 1 billion active monthly users in September, and on Android, it has reportedly overtaken YouTube for average watch time in the US. Now you can immerse yourself in the ByteDance-owned company’s much-celebrated algorithm on the largest, nicest screen in your home.

Uber is partnering with a cannabis retailer in Canada to allow cannabis purchases via its Uber Eats food delivery platform. The arrangement does not include delivery of weed orders, however, but makes it possible for users in Ontario to order products from Tokyo Smoke in a dedicated section on the Uber Eats app. 
For customers in Ontario, in the Uber Eats app, select either the “cannabis” category or search for “Tokyo Smoke.” After confirming their age, the customer is directed to the menu of a Tokyo Smoke store in the area to place their order, which Uber says will be filled within an hour. The consumer then picks up their order at the Tokyo Smoke store. 
Uber CEO Dara Khosrowshahi said in April that the company would take a look at cannabis delivery “when the road is clear.” In February, the ride-hailing giant acquired Boston-based alcohol delivery service Drizly for $1.1 billion. But Lantern, a cannabis delivery service Drizly launched in May 2020, was not part of that deal. 
The companies did not mention plans to expand into other Canadian provinces, but Uber Eats head of communications for delivery Meghan Casserly confirmed that the new arrangement with Tokyo Smoke is “pickup only.” 
Canada legalized recreational cannabis in October 2018, and 2021 cannabis sales there are predicted to reach $4 billion. In the US, recreational cannabis is legal in 18 states, and medical marijuana use is legal in some three dozen states. However, marijuana remains illegal at the federal level, despite repeated attempts to decriminalize it. In July, Sens. Cory Booker (D-NJ), Chuck Schumer (D-NY), and Ron Wyden (D-OR) released a discussion draft of legislation that proposed sweeping reform to marijuana policy in the US. 

Analogue Pocket preorders will start shipping on December 13th. In a brief blog post, Analogue, manufacturers of the retro handheld Pocket, wrote, “Due to unprecedented shipping congestion, your order will ship and be delivered between December 14th - December 30th.”
If you’re unable to accept delivery during that window, the company also outlined steps you can take to defer shipping until after January 3rd, 2022. 
Customers who preordered the Pocket will receive an email with more information.
The Analogue Pocket, which has the ability to play cartridges from the Game Boy family and the Sega Game Gear, was delayed numerous times due to global electronics component shortages brought about by the COVID-19 pandemic. Other handhelds like the Steam Deck and the Playdate faced similar delays, with neither having a firm release date in sight. The handheld was originally slated for a 2020 release before being pushed to May 2021, then October 2021. In September, the company stated the Pocket would finally start shipping in December, but no firm date was announced. 


Roku serves as a gateway to access various streaming services, but now, a report from The Wall Street Journal reveals that the service wants to develop over 50 original series in the next two years, expanding the original content that it already has on its free Roku Channel. 
As noted by the WSJ, 155 million people have access to Roku devices, and about half tune into the Roku Channel, a hub for ad-supported TV shows, movies, and live news. The service added Roku Originals to the Roku Channel earlier this year, a large portion of which actually come from Quibi, the short-lived streaming service that shut down last year. Apparently, the set of 50 new shows also include some that the service acquired from Quibi that never premiered.
Roku could spend $500,000 to $5 million for scripted episodes
Roku’s push to produce its own original content likely has something to do with boosting ad sales on the Roku Channel, as ads are one of Roku’s main sources of revenue. According to the WSJ, Roku sells 100 percent of its ads on the Roku Channel, as opposed to selling just 30 percent within other apps. Aside from ads, Roku rakes in an average of $40.10 / month per user and recorded 56.4 million active accounts in its most recent earnings report (PDF). The service also makes money through the sale of its Roku TVs and streaming devices, earning a total of $97.4 million last quarter.
Roku remains tightlipped on its planned budget for its new shows, vaguely telling the WSJ that it will be close to what typical cable shows spend. However, sources close to the matter informed the WSJ that the amount could be anywhere from $250,000 to $750,000 for one unscripted episode or $500,000 to $5 million for scripted episodes. This is significantly lower when compared to original content from other platforms — for reference, Netflix spends around $12 million per episode of Stranger Things and $13 million per episode of The Crown.
In February of this year, Roku posted a job listing for a production attorney that helps out with Roku’s “original episodic and feature length productions,” suggesting that Roku has been planning a dive into the entertainment industry for a while. Roku’s first original movie is set to debut on December 1st, titled Zoey’s Extraordinary Christmas — a spinoff of the NBC show Zoey’s Extraordinary Playlist. As the WSJ notes, Roku also acquired the rights to Children Ruin Everything, a comedy series produced by Schitt’s Creek producer Kurt Smeaton, and is planning to add it to the platform in 2022.

It’s not an easy task to do holiday shopping for the people who you’re closest to, especially for the dad in your life. Not all dads are the same, mind you, but they can be tough to please in the gift department because they might already buy themselves everything they want, thus keeping a clean slate of a wishlist at all times. Or, maybe they’re tough because what they find enjoyment in is really niche, and you fear that you won’t get them something they’ll actually enjoy. No one wants that.
We at The Verge can certainly relate to those feelings, but we think we can assuage most of those concerns with the list of gift ideas below. Most of our staff chipped ideas into this gift guide, which encompasses a range of tastes, hobbies, and aesthetic preferences. No matter the kind of dad you’re buying for, there should be something in here that’ll remind them, at the very least, that you’re trying to make sure they stay cool.


    Related
  
The Verge’s Holiday Gift Guide 2021
The Verge’s 2021 Holiday Gift Guide for Creators
The Verge’s 2021 Home Tech Holiday Gift Guide
The Verge’s 2021 Gift Guide for Moms
The Verge’s 2021 Gaming and Entertainment Gift Guide
The Verge’s 2021 Gift Guide for Kids
The Verge’s Favorite Holiday Gifts Under $50
The Verge’s Favorite Holiday Gifts Under $25
The Verge’s 2021 Holiday Gift Guide for Working From Home
The Verge’s 2021 Fitness and Wellness Gift Guide



Presented By: Zelle®
All year long, Dad has wanted that special gift but has yet to buy it for himself. You ask your siblings if they want to go in on the gift and they unanimously agree. The look on his face as he unwraps the gift is priceless. Whether you are splitting the cost of a gift or sending friends money for that weekend getaway, Zelle® makes it fast, safe, and easy to send money directly into their bank account - and it’s in 1000+ banking apps. Zelle® is here to help with amazing gifts and experiences this holiday season.






Price Range


              Under $20
            

              $20 to $50
            

              $50 to $150
            

              $150 to $400
            

              $400+
            










Black Leopard, Red Wolf

The first entry in novelist Marlon James’ Dark Star trilogy is not always an easy read. Yet, while his vision of a fictionalized Africa can be unsettling and visceral, it’s also utterly beguiling, an imaginative story that owes as much to African mythology and religion as it does the fantasy epics that came before it.Price: $15
Amazon
Barnes & Noble







        
          Lenovo Smart Clock Essential
        
        
If you know a dad who wants the luxuries of owning a smart display but doesn't want to have another screen in the house, Lenovo's Smart Clock Essential might be a good fit. It's a smart alarm clock with a simple LED screen, sunrise alarms, and support for Google Assistant voice commands. Price: $30
Best Buy
Walmart
Lowes







        
          Lego Ship in a Bottle
        
        
Lego kits might not be for everyone, but it's tough to argue that Lego's Ship in a Bottle isn't clever. After you build the 962-piece set with dad, it could make for a nice addition to a bookshelf or bedside table — that is, assuming you're mom doesn't mind bottled, nautical-themed nostalgia. Price: $70
Lego
Walmart







        
          Sonos Roam
        
        
Sonos' smallest speaker, the Roam, is a worthy addition in dad's repertoire of gadgets. It's a Bluetooth-ready speaker for on-the-go adventures, and it supports Wi-Fi connectivity, so it can fit right into a larger array of Sonos speakers. 
Price: $180
Sonos
Best Buy
B&H Photo







        
          iPad Mini (2021)
        
        
The latest iPad Mini is the most powerful and feature-packed version yet. It has an elegant design, a speedy processor, and might end up being your dad's favorite gadget. It also gets bonus points for its larger, 8.3-inch display and USB-C support. 
Price: $500
Amazon
Best Buy







        
          8BitDo SN30 Pro
        
        
Whether your dad games primarily on a Nintendo Switch, PC, or smartphone, he'll need a solid controller. 8BitDo's SN30 Pro is tough to beat, both in terms of price and functionality. It stacks up to pricier models for less. 
Price: $45
Amazon
Best Buy







        
          Amazon Kindle Paperwhite (2021)
        
        
The latest Kindle Paperwhite might be a perfect fit for a dad who loves to read. Amazon's popular e-reader now features a USB-C charging port, a bigger screen that makes text easier to see, and an improved battery that should last 10 weeks on a single charge. Price: $140
Amazon
Best Buy







        
          EBL Battery Charger
        
        
If the dad in your life burns through AA and AAA batteries like no one's business, a suitable recharging station might be in order. EBL's eight-bay offering isn't high on the fun factor — nor is it particularly fast, the crux of many stations — but it sure is practical. Price: $14
Amazon
Walmart
EBL







        
          Wowstick electric screwdriver
        
        
This electric screwdriver from the Wowstick is just the kind of thing that'll likely make the dad in your life wish they'd had it earlier in life, and thankfully, it's not too pricey. 
Price: $50 to $74
Amazon
Sears
Walmart







        
          Analogue Super Nt console
        
        
Analogue makes modernized versions of classic consoles that are focused on preserving the gameplay experience of retro consoles. One of its best ones is the Super Nt, a SNES clone that looks fantastic. It can handle both SNES and Super Famicom cartridges, as well as oft-forgotten accessories like the Super Gameboy. Price: $190
Analogue







        
          Audio-Technica AT-LP120XUSB
        
        
It's easy enough to find a record player, but for a high-quality model that doesn't cost a ton, check out Audio-Technica's AT-LP120XUSB. Your dad can use it, of course, to play records through whatever speaker system he might have, but its USB connectivity also lets him digitize his aging collection of vinyl, helping him preserve that Aja crackle for generations to come.Price: $299
Adorama
Sweetwater







        
          Bote Breeze Aero SUP
        
        
Stand-up paddleboarding (SUP) has seen a meteoric rise in recent years, partly because it’s a soothing, low-stakes affair and a good form of exercise. And if you’re tight on space, inflatable SUPs like Bote’s budget-friendly Breeze Aero make the sport even more convenient by allowing you to stow a durable, full-size board in your closet or trunk when the water is better suited for skating. 
Price: $584 to $649
REI
Dick's Sporting Goods







        
          BioLite FirePit Plus
        
        
Built-in fire pits can be hard to come by, which is why the totable build of BioLite’s FirePit Plus is so convenient. The device’s clever design and battery-powered fans also allow it to emit less smoke than your standard fire pit, regardless of whether you’re burning charcoal or deadfall. 
Price: $250
REI
Dick's Sporting Goods







        
          Eater Wine Club subscription
        
        
Got a dad who fancies himself a sommelier? Our sister site, Eater, offers a Wine Club subscription that automatically delivers a batch of hand-selected wines to your door every month. Each wine box contains either two or four bottles, depending on the subscription, and is curated by a pro from an Eater-beloved city.Price: $70 to $660
Eater







        
          Twelve South AirFly Duo
        
        
Bluetooth audio transmitters can be finicky, but one of the best is Twelve South's AirFly Duo. It has a rechargeable battery with USB-C charging, and it can plug into any device that has a 3.5mm headphone jack. It supports pairing up to two sets of Bluetooth headphones, too, making in-flight entertainment much easier to listen to. 
Price: $45
Amazon
Target







        
          The North Face Apex Plus Etip Gloves
        
        
A good pair of gloves is handy no matter where you live, and although this touchscreen-friendly pair from The North Face certainly isn’t going to cut it in subzero temperatures, the soft-shell gloves still do a great job repelling light rain and snow while keeping your hands toasty. 
Price: $50 to $55
Amazon
REI
Dick's Sporting Goods







        
          Leatherman tool
        
        
For odd jobs in, around, or outside of the house, everyone could use a Leatherman multitool. After all, it's no fun to be stuck without the right tool for the job, so let's just not let that happen in the first place, okay? 
Price: $30
Amazon
Walmart
B&H Photo







        
          Roku Streaming Stick 4K
        
        
There are seemingly countless options for streaming devices, but Roku's Streaming Stick 4K is amongst the latest and greatest options out there. It's affordable, easy to setup, and it grants you access to all of your favorite streaming services with support for Dolby Vision and HDR10 Plus. Price: $30
Amazon
Best Buy
B&H Photo







        
          Game Console 2.0
        
        
If you know a gamer dad, get them The Game Console 2.0, an excellent coffee table book that features in-depth context on all sorts of classic machines, as well as gorgeous exploded views of controllers and consoles alike.Price: $30
Amazon
Walmart
Barnes & Noble







        
          Nintendo Switch Online + Expansion Pack membership
        
        
Nintendo's Switch Online service recently added Nintendo 64 and Sega Genesis games to its offering (for an extra cost), and even better, it released modernized controllers to make playing them feel just like you remember them back in the day. 
Price: $20+
Nintendo







        
          The Disney Bundle
        
        
Dads contain multitudes, and thus, cannot be satisfied by just one streaming service. If he's not already overwhelmed with subscriptions, the Disney Bundle is a go-to offer that packages Disney Plus, Hulu, and ESPN Plus in a single package. 
Price: $14
Disney







        
          Mystery Ranch Urban Assault 18
        
        
The Verge's Becca Farsace loves the Mystery Ranch Urban Assault 18 backpack and thinks it could be a good fit for anyone in need of a comfy companion that offers plenty of room for a laptop, camera, lenses, and other various gadgets.Price: $78 to $125
Amazon
Backcountry







What the Dub?!

It can be tough to find a way to get everyone involved during a house party, but What The Dub?! makes it trivially easy. The simple multiplayer game has you view a clip from some awful B movie and then decide the funniest caption that fits it best. Players can also participate from their phone, tablet, or a computer, making it easy to join in on the fun. Price: $8
Nintendo
Microsoft 







        
          Apple HomePod Mini
        
        
Apple's ball-sized HomePod Mini is an essential tool for anyone who has an iPhone and a goal of converting their abode into a smart home. With it, you can summon Siri to play music, answer questions, and control your HomeKit-compatible devices. 
Price: $100
Best Buy
Walmart
B&H Photo
Target
Apple







        
          MasterClass subscription
        
        
Dads are good at a lot of things, but there's always room for improvement. Whether a dad you know wants to excel as an actor, writer, cook, or in some other profession, consider getting him a MasterClass subscription so he can learn from pros like David Sedaris and Questlove.  Price: $180 per year
Masterclass







        
          Thermomix TM6
        
        
If you thought an Instant Pot was cool, wait until your dad lays eyes on Thermomix's TM6 cook-it-all device. It's a more high-tech (and expensive) gadget, with a built-in touchscreen that can steer the controls and guide you through thousands of recipes. With the TM6, you can sous vide food, blend, ferment, thicken ingredients, and more. Price: $1,499
Thermomix





Many of us have been working from home for more than a year and a half, and some of us will continue to do so — maybe forever. That said, buying a gift for a friend or loved one who works from home can be tricky. One person might prioritize tech, while another might care more about plant life and energizing lighting. If you need some help, however, you’ve come to the right place. Here at The Verge, we have some expertise in working from home, and we have some great ideas for you to consider.
What makes the ideal home office? Well, the right tech, like the Satechi USB-C Multi-Port Adapter ($80), is essential to getting work done. But comfort is also important, which is why we’ve included a standing desk and an ergonomic chair that can last for years. And if your gift recipient is still stuck working in their dining room or on their couch, a modest gift like a LapGear lap desk ($30) or Nulaxy laptop stand ($25) may be all they need to finally relieve some neck or hand strain. We’ve got ideas big and small, both for physical comfort and a sound state of mind.


    Related
  
The Verge Holiday Gift Guide 2021
The Verge’s 2021 Holiday Gift Guide for Creators
The Verge’s 2021 Home Tech Holiday Gift Guide
The Verge’s 2021 Holiday Gift Guide for Moms
The Verge’s 2021 Gaming and Entertainment Holiday Gift Guide
The Verge’s 2021 Holiday Gift Guide for Kids
The Verge’s Favorite Holiday Gifts Under $25
The Verge’s 2021 Holiday Gift Guide for Dads
The Verge’s Favorite Holiday Gifts Under $50
The Verge’s 2021 Fitness and Wellness Gift Guide



Presented By: USPS
The holidays bring joy and excitement as we celebrate the season of giving. While giving gifts may spread the holiday spirit, the sending process should provide the same warm feelings as well. The United States Postal Service is here to help deliver gifts near and far to your loved ones. With more vehicles in their fleet, working day and night, the USPS will deliver over one billion packages to homes across the country.
Plan ahead with the recommended ship-by dates for your gifts and greetings:

December 15 for USPS Retail Ground® Service
December 17 for First-Class Mail®
December 18 for Priority Mail®
Click here to see all recommended send-by dates for expected delivery before December 25.







Price Range


              Under $20
            

              $20 to $50
            

              $50 to $150
            

              $150 to $400
            

              $400+
            










        
          This Is Fine Dog Funko Pop
        
        
Your desk should have the occasional tchotchke to keep your sanity, and there's no better way to laugh in the face of stress than with KC Green's "This is Fine" dog. 
Price: $14
Amazon
Walmart







        
          Nulaxy Laptop Stand
        
        
If you're working on a laptop at a desk or table, it really should be elevated to eye level, which can help improve your posture and alleviate neck pain. Nulaxy's aluminum laptop stand does exactly that and easily disassembles when it's not needed.
Price: $25
Amazon







        
          Elgato Cam Link 4K
        
        
The Cam Link 4K can connect the HMDI-out signal on most cameras to USB, allowing you to use even a full-frame mirrorless system as your webcam for video calls. It's one of the best ways to up your Zoom game or subtly flex on your boss asking you to come back to the office.
Price: $112 to $116
Amazon
Best Buy
B&H







        
          AirPods Pro
        
        
There's a reason why many Verge writers and editors use these iconic wireless earbuds while working from home and commuting. The AirPods Pro offer excellent sound and noise cancellation, as well as deep integration with iOS and a transparency mode that lets ambient sounds in.Price: $197 to $200
Amazon
Walmart
Target







        
          Herman Miller Aeron chair
        
        
Herman Miller's Aeron is the long-standing, ergonomic desk chair of choice for many a working professional. It's pricey, but the mesh backing and seat will keep you cool during the summer months or times when you run hot. It happens to the best of us. 
Price: $1,495+
Herman Miller







        
          Snake plant
        
        
It's always a good idea to make sure your home office has some greenery to keep the mood up. Snake plants are an excellent choice for budding plant enthusiasts, namely because they're relatively easy to keep alive if you're not the green thumb type.
Price: $35+
The Sill







        
          USB 3.0 switch selector
        
        
If you're working from home, balancing work and personal devices can be tricky. A simple USB switcher like this one allows you to swap up to four peripherals (mouse, keyboard, webcam, etc.) from one computer another at the press of a button.
Price: $23
Amazon







        
          TWSBI Eco fountain pen
        
        
Taking purposeful notes while working from home can keep you focused. The TWSBI Eco is an affordable piston-fill fountain pen that can hold a lot of ink and comes in nib sizes from broad to extra fine.
Price: $34
Amazon







        
          Samson Q2U mic
        
        
Samson's Q2U is one of the most affordable USB mics you can buy if you're looking for excellent sound quality for Zoom calls and even entry-level podcasting. It even offers direct monitoring so you can plug your headphones into it.
Price: $50 to $70
Amazon
Best Buy
B&H







        
          Mooas Cube Timer
        
        
The Mooas Cube Timer is a simple, fun way to help keep yourself more on task. All you need to do is drop in a couple of AAA batteries, flip it to the desired time interval, and allow it to count down the next 10, 20, 30, or 60 minutes. 
Price: $15
Amazon







        
          Satechi USB-C Multi-Port Adapter
        
        
Satechi's aluminum multi-port adaptor is one of the most versatile hubs out there and should take up minimal real estate on your desk. Three USB-A ports, one HDMI, an SD card slot, one USB-C, and no fuss.
Price: $80
Amazon
B&H







        
          Wooden etched tweet
        
        
Forever enshrine a viral moment that brings you or your giftee joy, and make it a beautiful desk accessory that will (hopefully) be less fleeting than the late-night thoughts Elon Musk sends into the Twittersphere when the sun goes down.
Price: $50
Laser Tweets







        
          Dazzne Desk Mount LED Light
        
        
Quality lighting makes you look your best on videoconference calls. These Dazzne LEDs are even fit for a streamer, but they're affordable enough to be that perfect upgrade for many folks.
Price: $195
Amazon







        
          Steelcase Leap V2
        
        
An ergnonomic office chair isn't just an investment in your loved one's home office or personal work space — it's an investment in their health. The Leap V2 is more cost-effective compared to some of our other favorites, but it's a dependable chair that's built to last and provides ample support where you need it most.
Price: $1,028+
Amazon







        
          Nanoleaf Elements Wood Look Hexagons Smarter Kit
        
        
Creative and fun smart lighting when they're on — elegant wood accents when they're not. Nanoleaf's natural-looking panels are one of the most unique pieces of wall decor you can get if you're looking to dress up your space and add your own touch. 
Price: $235 to $300
Best Buy
Target







        
          Ikea Symfonisk picture frame
        
        
Ikea's Symfonisk picture frame lets you fill your home office with your favorite jams without sacrificing precious desk space. The Sonos-connected smart speaker comes in two styles, both of which are pseudo-incognito, yet it still manages to deliver the excellent sound for which Sonos is known. 
Price: $199
Ikea







        
          Aarke Carbonator III
        
        
There are a number of ways to kick the La Croix and make your own carbonated water at home, but few solutions are as elegant or exquisite as Aarke's Carbonator III. The latest model is available in a range of finishes — from stainless steel to matte black — each of which sports a minimalist design that's easy to appreciate on your kitchen counter.
Price: $219+
Amazon
Target
Aarke







        
          Fully Jarvis standing desk in bamboo
        
        
There are few standing desks of better quality and of a nicer fit and finish than Fully's Jarvis, which is why they've become a mainstay among Verge staffers across the country. Standing for part of your day can be immensely helpful for your posture and keeping energized.Price: $569+
Fully







        
          Rok Espresso Maker
        
        
Sometimes you need that caffeine hit, and one that you handmake yourself can feel all the more rewarding and energizing. Rok's manual pump is both classy and efficient, a hand-polished machine capable of churning out full-bodied espresso in under 30 seconds. 
Price: $189
ROK







        
          Contigo Travel Mug
        
        
Looking to keep your hot drinks hot for hours on end? Contigo's excellent travel mugs are colorful, easy to clean, and feature a lid that's designed to automatically seal when you're done drinking, preventing you from spilling coffee on your keyboard when your cat inevitably crashes the party. 
Price: $25
Amazon
Walmart







        
          Sony WH-1000XM4
        
        
The Sony WH-1000XM4 are one of our favorite pairs of noise-canceling headphones, if not our favorite. They're comfy on the ears, they sound phenomenal, and they charge via USB-C. They also support multipoint pairing, so you don't need to worry about missing a work call when you're secretly binging Succession on your laptop.Price: $248 to $250
Amazon
Target
B&H







        
          Ikea Rissla desk pad
        
        
Ikea's lengthy desk pad helps keep your workstation free of scratches and scuffs while also padding the front edge, adding stability, and helping ease pressure on your wrists and forearms while you work.
Price: $30
Ikea







        
          10-inch ring light
        
        
When making video calls at home, both you and your giftee deserve at least the bare minimum when it comes to lighting. A ring light, like this adjustable 10-inch offering, creates a soft glow that is pleasing on anyone. 
Price: $39
Amazon







        
          Gevo headband cover
        
        
Some over-ear headphones can cause pain on the top of the head when worn all day. A headband pad, like this flexible knitted option from Gevo that's compatible with most models, can provide an additional layer of comfort.
Price: $13
Amazon







        
          3M Gel Wrist Rest
        
        
Even if you use a fancy mechanical keyboard, an essential wrist rest can mean the difference between comfortable typing or annoying wrist pain. 3M's basic, leather-like offering is easy to keep clean and provides just the right amount of support. 
Price: $20 to $23
Amazon
B&H







        
          LapGear Lap Desk
        
        
Working on your couch for an hour, an afternoon, or forever? This versatile lap desk can accomodate machines up to 15.6 inches in size while giving you space for your mouse and phone. Plus, it's available in a slew of styles and textures, just in case "white marble" isn't your thing. 
Price: $30 to $35
Amazon







        
          Ergodriven Topo comfort mat
        
        
Standing desks can be the best, but you need to relieve the pressure on your feet if you intend to stand upright for hours on end. Thankfully, the Topo mat is comfy and provides you with ideal positions to stand in, encouraging some small but vital movement. 
Price: $69 to $99
Amazon
Ergodriven






A proverbial tidal wave of deals crashed down this morning, heralding the beginning of Black Friday week. As I searched for deals to include in this roundup, I kept finding one after the other that was better. If you think these are good, consider acting fast, as it’s impossible to tell if they’ll stick around all week or if they’re just a flash in the pan. The very best discount that kicked off recently is a big $60 discount on the Apple Watch SE (40mm, GPS) at Best Buy and Amazon. Regularly selling for $279, it’s just $219 — the lowest price yet. If you want the larger 44mm-sized model, it’s $249 instead of $309. You can shop all of the sizes and colorways right here at Best Buy.
We heartily recommend the SE over the Apple Watch Series 3, despite the fact that the Series 3 is seeing tremendous discounts at Walmart (it will be just $109 starting tonight). The Apple Watch SE is considerably faster and more capable, with additional features and more storage to make updating its software far less of a hassle. Read our review.


    Related
  
Updating an Apple Watch Series 3 is a nightmare in 2021 


















Apple Watch SE (40mm, GPS)




                $239
              

                $279
              

                  15% off
                





Apple’s midrange wearable, the Apple Watch SE, serves as a step up from the Series 3, with features and a design similar to more recent flagships.







              $239
              

at Amazon
            







    Related
  
Win a mystery bag from The Verge jam-packed with free stuff

If you need a relatively speedy USB-C SSD to move files between your phone, tablet, computer, or even a gaming console like the PS5, Samsung’s T7 1TB SSD has hit its lowest price at Amazon and Best Buy. This is the latest model of Samsung’s pocket-friendly portable SSD, and it’s just $110 instead of $170. We’ve seen it reach a low of $140 before, but this is yet another unprecedented Black Friday deal.
When the T7 launched in mid-2020, its 500GB version sold for the same $110 price that the model with twice its internal storage capacity is selling for today. It includes a Type-A adapter in case you’re a little lacking in compatible devices.

















Samsung T7 USB-C SSD (1TB)




                $110
              

                $200
              

                  45% off
                





Samsung’s portable external SSD that features an optional password protection with AES 256-bit encryption and transfer speeds up to up to 1,050MB/s.







              $110
              

at Amazon
            





              $110
              

at Best Buy
            





You can snag a digital copy of Mass Effect: Legendary Edition for Xbox (compatible with Xbox One, Series S, or Series X) for just $28 at Amazon. The deal has wiggled well below its original $60 price a few times before, but it hasn’t gone below about $35. This collection contains the Mass Effect trilogy and several DLC items, all looking fresh to death in 4K (that is, if your console outputs to 4K).

















Mass Effect Legendary Edition




                $28
              

                $60
              

                  54% off
                





A compilation of the first three Mass Effect games repackaged and optimized for 4K with reduced load times, improved performance, and various gameplay tweaks.







              $28
              

at Amazon
            





If you’re looking for more gaming deals, check out our post yesterday that includes all of Nintendo’s excellent Black Friday deals, including where to get its Mario Kart 8 Deluxe console bundle, as well as many first-party Nintendo games that are selling for just $27. Also, the gift card promo for the Oculus Quest 2 is happening, and several retailers will toss in a $50 gift card with the purchase of a headset at regular price.










Photo by Sean Hollister / The Verge


If you’re a high-rolling PC gamer, Samsung’s 49-inch Odyssey G9 curved gaming monitor is selling for $1,000. Believe it or not, that is this model’s lowest price yet, dropping $400 off its usual price. This ultrawide monitor has a QLED panel with a 5120 x 1440 resolution, a 240Hz refresh rate, 1ms response time, and support for G-Sync and FreeSync Premium Pro adaptive sync. My colleague Sean Hollister reviewed this model, and he was impressed with its vivid colors and 1,000 nits of brightness.
A few more early Black Friday deals to whet your whistle


Samsung’s Galaxy Z Flip 3 is $850 at Amazon and includes a free set of Galaxy Buds 2 wireless earbuds with purchase. 

Get a three-month pass to Xbox Game Pass Ultimate (for both PC and Xbox access) at Target for $25. It usually costs $45.
For PlayStation gamers, you can get a one-year membership to PS Plus for just $40 ($20 off) at Amazon. This service enables multiplayer gaming and complementary titles each month to add to your PSN account.
Walmart’s including a hard zip-up case for free alongside the Oculus Quest 2 headset for $299.99. Altogether, this bundle usually costs $349. According to Walmart’s product page, it says that Walmart Plus members will “save big on this item today at 12PM PT / 3PM ET.”
The powerful yet thin Asus ROG G15 gaming laptop with a QHD display, AMD’s Ryzen 9 processor, 16GB of RAM, a 1TB SSD, and Nvidia’s RTX 3070 costs $1,550 at Best Buy, down from its regular $1,849. This is our favorite gaming laptop of 2021.








        Sign up for the
        
          newsletter
        
      
      Verge Deals
    
Subscribe to get the best Verge-approved tech deals of the week.






Just one more thing!
Please confirm your subscription to Verge Deals via the verification email we just sent you.




Email (required)






        By signing up, you agree to our Privacy Notice and European users agree to the data transfer policy.
        
      
Subscribe






Death Stranding studio Kojima Productions has announced a brand-new division as it looks beyond video games. No new projects have been announced, but the company says the Los Angeles-based office “will focus on securing opportunities in the film and television space.”
Death Stranding originally launched in 2019 as the first title from renowned Metal Gear director Hideo Kojima following his much-publicized departure from Konami. (It has since been re-released on both the PC and PS5.) While he’s best known for his work in games, it’s also no secret that Kojima is a huge movie fan, something that often bleeds into his gaming work. Death Stranding featured the likes of Norman Reedus and Léa Seydoux, and Kojima previously partnered with Guillermo del Toro on a canceled Silent Hill game.
Given this history, a film and TV division makes a lot of sense. “Our new division will take the studio into even more areas that present our creative narratives beyond video games and to open up ways for our fans to communicate and immerse themselves in these spaces,” Kojima Productions business development manager Yoshiko Fukuda said in a statement.
Meanwhile, it’s unclear what the studio’s first post-Death Stranding project will be — though you can always check out these Kojima-designed sunglasses next year.

Nreal has sold me on the appeal of watching TV with a pair of glasses, and I wish I could recommend buying the glasses that did it.
Nreal’s Light sunglasses, which Verizon will start selling later this month, are one of only a few consumer-focused augmented reality headsets. They’re an impressive technical feat: small for an AR or VR product, comparatively affordable at $599, and capable of full-fledged mixed reality that projects images into real space, not just a flat heads-up overlay like the North Focals.
Unfortunately, Nreal’s software doesn’t fulfill its hardware’s promise. The Light is hampered by a bare-bones control scheme, a patchy app ecosystem, and a general user experience that ranges from undercooked to barely functional. Nreal may well have shown us the future of AR, but it seems disinterested in making the experience very pleasant.






Our review of 
Nreal Light


Verge Score
6 out of 10






Good Stuff

Super-compact design
Convenient fitting process
Comparatively affordable



Bad Stuff

Limited US device and app support
Inconsistent user experience
Undercooked mixed reality options




Buy for $599.00 from Verizon



The Nreal Light is (sort of) a svelter version of the $3,500 Microsoft HoloLens or $2,295 Magic Leap One mixed reality headsets. The device looks like a pair of very large sunglasses with two cameras for spatial tracking embedded in the front. When you plug it into a supported Samsung or OnePlus phone’s USB-C port, it projects a slightly transparent image on top of the real world. That could include a flat screen that always stays in the center of your vision, a grid of icons pinned to a specific point in space, or a 3D game board resting on a physical desk. You can control apps by swiping a trackpad on your phone’s screen or aiming it like a remote control to point and click.
The Light is only “sort of” like those AR products for two reasons. The first is that Nreal isn’t using the same optics tech as Microsoft or Magic Leap. Those expensive, industrial-grade headsets use something called a waveguide: a thin multilayered lens that sits in front of your eyes, refracting light from a projector. The Nreal Light uses a system dubbed birdbath optics: micro OLED screens whose light is reflected off a mirror.
I didn’t have a HoloLens or Magic Leap device for comparison, although I’ve used both in the past. The Light’s 53-degree diagonal field of view is similar to the current-generation HoloLens, and its OLED projection system produces remarkably crisp images. The images fade against midday light or a bright laptop screen, and they almost never look totally opaque, but I could say the same about other headsets’ holograms.
 









The glasses come with a compact black carrying case.



On the other hand, Nreal Light projections look much less convincingly 3D than HoloLens or Magic Leap images. I never got the uncanny sense that an object was literally resting on the ground or rolling behind a table, something I’ve felt many times with more expensive headsets. The illusion was more like a really high-quality version of the Lenovo Mirage’s augmented reality games.
I believe that’s partly due to my second caveat: Nreal isn’t focused on creating immersive experiences or great spatial tracking. My review unit came preinstalled with a smattering of full mixed reality apps alongside a variety of apps (like Wikipedia, YouTube, and some Chinese video portals) you could pin as mixed reality windows. But most of the former were haphazardly designed and barely functional minigames. The tracking cameras are supposed to support hand tracking on top of the phone-based control scheme, but you can’t control the main interface that way, and I couldn’t find any preinstalled mixed reality apps that supported it.











The “birdbath” optics design requires a thick upper edge.



 









Swappable nose pieces prop up the lenses.



 









A launcher app is required for full mixed reality controls.





Instead, Nreal seems more interested in giving buyers a private virtual screen — and the results are tantalizingly close to great. Lots of companies, including Meta (formerly Facebook) with its Quest 2, offer to replace your monitor or TV with glasses. The Nreal Light is the first time I’ve ever wanted to take that bargain.
Nreal has eased the biggest pain points of virtual screens, most prominently the awkwardness of wearing one. At 106 grams, the Nreal Light is lighter than even the smallest current-generation VR headsets, including the 189-gram HTC Vive Flow. Its design is still front-heavy and thick. But a swappable nose bridge props the lenses at the right distance and angle — which is, sadly, unnaturally far away from your face and nixes any chance of people thinking that you’re wearing normal sunglasses — to display an image clearly. When you’re not using the Light, you can fold them up and put them in a nicely compact case.
It’s the rare glasses-style AR / VR headset that stays on my head
I’m a small-headed person who finds most glasses-style headsets nigh-unwearable, but the Light was an exception. It’s infinitely easier to put on or take off than other AR and VR devices, and it stayed on my face with occasional adjustments as long as I didn’t move my head around too quickly. Although the sunglass lenses make everything a bit harder to see, there’s a sense of connection to the outside world that even VR with passthrough video can’t get you.
After a little experimentation with the Nreal Light, I could comfortably sit on a couch watching YouTube Dream SMP fandom recaps while knitting, wear it at my desk while using its Wikipedia app, or slip my phone into my pocket and walk around the kitchen making tea while watching anime. I even took the Light on the subway — I got a lot of funny looks, but the experience was about a million times better than my public transit adventures with a Gear VR six years ago. Nreal ships the device with a black cover that completely blocks out light, but I much preferred being able to see what was going on around me, especially because the glasses aren’t a substitute for a fuller-featured VR headset.


AGREE TO CONTINUE: NREAL LIGHT
Every smart device now requires you to agree to a series of terms and conditions before you can use it — contracts that no one actually reads. It’s impossible for us to read and analyze every single one of these agreements. But we’re going to start counting exactly how many times you have to hit “agree” to use devices when we review them since these are agreements most people don’t read and definitely can’t negotiate.
You can use the Nreal Light glasses as a simple external display with no agreements — just plug them into a computer or phone with a USB-C connection. If you want to use their mixed reality capabilities, however, you’ll need the Nebula launcher app. It includes the following:

Nreal Privacy Policy
Nreal Terms of Service

You can see the full app permissions required here; among other things, Nebula requires access to your phone’s camera for mixed reality tracking.
Final tally: Zero mandatory agreements, two mandatory for mixed reality


This involves some tradeoffs, of course. The projected image wasn’t as rich as I’d have gotten on a physical OLED TV or a monitor. The glasses use small speakers that pipe sound into your ears, and their audio was a bit tinny and not necessarily adequate for a public space like the subway, although it seemed to vary by app. (Weirdly enough, there are no volume buttons on the hardware, only a rocker that changes the screen brightness.) The field of view far exceeds, say, the original Microsoft HoloLens, but it still doesn’t extend to your full field of vision. The Light also burned through battery life on the OnePlus 8 5G UW phone Nreal lent me, giving me around three hours of TV viewing between charges.
The biggest problems, however, were software-related. An Nreal launcher app offers two modes: air casting, which mirrors your phone’s screen, and mixed reality, which launches apps pinned in 3D space. This latter mode can’t support the DRM of American streaming apps like Amazon Prime Video and Netflix, so you have to air-cast them — which means you can’t pin the windows in a specific part of your room, use the phone as a pointer controller, or minimize the app on your phone’s screen. Even the fairly wide field of view is a double-edged sword here because it means the images stretch to the very edge of the display, where it’s hard to focus on them. I asked Nreal if there were plans to change this, but spokesperson Angela Lin indicated these apps wouldn’t support mixed reality “for the moment.”
 









Cameras are embedded in the glasses for spatial tracking.



Nreal’s limited device support also hampers its system. The Light does work with products besides its handful of supported phones — I plugged it into an older Samsung phone and MacBook Pro — but only as an external monitor right at the center of your vision. That means you can’t do things like pin a second laptop screen on your desk.
And even inside mixed reality mode, the phone isn’t a very good controller. There’s no attempt at creating a consistent interface across apps, so practically every third-party mixed reality experience has a different, incredibly clunky set of virtual buttons pinned to the phone-remote.
Bad software can be fixed after release, unlike bad hardware. But there’s simply no sense that Nreal is aiming for a coherent ecosystem rather than an external monitor that sits flatly over your eyes. And for the latter, you might want to wait for the Nreal Air, an even smaller headset with no cameras that’s supposed to sell at a far lower price.
 









Your phone acts as a remote control in mixed reality mode.



Which is a shame because I can envision an exciting future for the Nreal Light. It’s far more low-key and almost normal than anything similar I’ve seen from another company — even Apple with its widely leaked AR / VR headset. With a better interface, I could imagine using it with a wireless keyboard and hand tracking as a laptop replacement. While I’d still feel weird watching a movie with somebody through two pairs of personal glasses, it’s a solid TV substitute if I’m watching something alone — or with another person casually milling around.
But most US buyers won’t get enough of what the first-generation Nreal Light is offering. It’s an expensive near-prototype that leaves a lot of obvious low-hanging fruit unpicked, almost certain to either improve with another iteration or get crushed by one of Nreal’s many competitors. And until it can actually replace some of the screens in your life, do you really need another one?

Sony has filed a patent for its PS5 faceplates. The design patent was originally filed just a week before the PS5’s November launch last year, and it was subsequently published in the United States Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO) on November 16th. It has fueled speculation that Sony will create its own PS5 faceplates or skins.
The design patent, spotted by OP Attack, comes more than a year after Matt MacLaurin, Sony’s former VP of UX design at PlayStation, previously hinted at a black version of the PS5 or “a special edition for everyone.” While Sony has created black versions of its DualSense controller and Pulse 3D Audio headset, the PS5 console remains white for now.










DBrand’s previous PS5 faceplates.
Image: DBrand


Third parties have attempted to fill the black faceplates void, but Sony has threatened legal action. A small company first named PlateStation5 then CustomizeMyPlates was forced to cancel and refund orders for black PS5 faceplates last year following legal action from Sony. CustomizeMyPlates returned earlier this year and is still selling custom plates.
That legal action didn’t stop DBrand from selling its own matte black faceplates and even daring Sony to sue. Sony eventually threatened DBrand with legal action, forcing the company to pull its faceplates and replace them days later with a new design and a marketing campaign that mocked Sony’s team of lawyers.

An update to Google Messages on Android allows it to properly display emoji reactions sent from the iPhone’s Messages app, 9to5Google reports. 
The update addresses a long-standing issue that occurs when users of Apple’s iMessage service chat with friends using the Messages app on Android. Previously, when an iPhone user reacted to an Android user’s message using an emoji, it appeared as a separate text message when received on Android, often resulting in confusion and lots of unnecessary clutter. 

 









The old method generated a separate message for each reaction.
Screenshot: Google Messages



 









The new approach is much cleaner.
Screenshot: 9to5Google




After the update, however, the message flow is a lot simpler. Screenshots posted by 9to5Google show how the emoji reactions appear attached to the intended text, as though they were sent by another Google Messages user. Tapping on an emoji reaction displays a popup saying that it’s been “Translated from iPhone.” 
Interestingly, emoji reactions sent from iPhone seem to sometimes appear as different emoji on Android. The heart emoji, for example, reportedly appears as heart-eyes on Android. iPhone users can also retroactively change their emoji reaction, and the change will be reflected seamlessly in the Android app.
The feature doesn’t appear to have widely rolled out just yet, even for users with the latest beta version of the Google Messages app — we tried but were unable to force the emoji reactions to display in our own tests. But when it arrives, it should remove a small point of friction in iPhone to Android communications, even if it’s still a far cry from offering iMessage natively on Android.



One of the biggest esports events in the world will be spread across four North American cities next year. Riot Games has announced that the 2022 edition of the League of Legends World Championship will take place in New York, Toronto, Mexico City, and San Francisco. The announcement was made ahead of an NBA match between the Warriors and Raptors at the Chase Center in San Francisco.
Riot says this will be the first-ever multi-country edition of its annual competition; it’s also the first to take place in North America since 2016. Things will start out with the play-ins portion of the event in Mexico City (the Liga Latinoamerica competition arena), followed by the group stage and quarterfinals in New York (the Hulu Theater at Madison Square Garden), semifinals in Toronto (Scotiabank Arena), and culminating with the finals in San Francisco (Chase Center). 
The 2021 edition of Worlds just wrapped up earlier this month in Reykjavík, Iceland, after originally being planned for Shenzen, China. (The competition moved countries due to the pandemic.) The month-long tournament featured no fans in attendance, as underdog Edward Gaming topped defending champions DWG KIA, though it seems Riot is expecting that to change in 2022, given its plans to host matches in large NBA arenas. 
“We’re thrilled to bring the full scale of our global sport back to North America, and, COVID permitting, welcome fans into the stands across three countries and four different cities,” Naz Aletaha, global head of LoL Esports, said in a statement.


Bobby Kotick is still the CEO of Activision Blizzard, despite a Wall Street Journal report that detailed Kotick’s history of harassment and abusive behavior while also saying he knew about allegations and incidents of abuse within the company for years. 
The WSJ claims that some employees asked in meetings if Kotick would step down
Kotick has reportedly told executives that he may consider stepping down if the company can’t fix its toxic work environment “with speed,” according to the WSJ. Sources close to the situation told the WSJ that Kotick met with Activision Publishing and Blizzard Entertainment leaders last week. His status as CEO was addressed, as executives said some employees won’t “be satisfied” until Kotick hands in his resignation. During the meeting, Kotick allegedly expressed regret for his past behavior and his handling of the harassment that went on during his 30-year reign of the company.
The report also claims that employees attended meetings held by the company’s senior leaders and human resource managers last week and inquired whether Activision Blizzard’s zero-tolerance policy for sexual harassment would apply to Kotick. The WSJ also claims that some attendees directly asked if Kotick would step down.
Activision is also weighing a “workplace excellence committee,” according to the WSJ, in response to allegations of a toxic work environment. The committee will supposedly help better Activision Blizzard’s work culture, but the WSJ claims that the company still has no specific plans to investigate Kotick’s behavior.
Former Blizzard president J. Allen Brack left in August
The gaming giant’s board of directors expressed confidence in Kotick’s leadership last week even after finding out about his allegedly abusive behavior, noting that they are “confident in Bobby Kotick’s leadership, commitment and ability to achieve these goals.” Bloomberg reported that PlayStation boss Jim Ryan told employees, “We do not believe their statements of response properly address the situation.” Bloomberg also reported Xbox head Phil Spencer told his teams that Microsoft is “evaluating all aspects of our relationship with Activision Blizzard and making ongoing proactive adjustments.”
Activision Blizzard has been embroiled in controversy since July when the state of California sued it for a culture of “constant sexual harassment,” among many other troubling issues. Since then, employees have walked out twice, and more than 1,500 employees signed a petition to remove Kotick. Numerous key figures, including former Blizzard president J. Allen Brack, have left the company. 
In July, Kotick published a letter explaining that he and the company were “committed to long-lasting change,” though employees later stated that the message failed “ to address critical elements at the heart of employee concerns,” including issues like forced arbitration (which finally ended last month). 
More recently, Blizzard co-lead Jen Oneal, who took on the role as the studio’s leadership shifted in the wake of the lawsuit, stepped down after only three months. According to the WSJ report, Oneal was paid less than her male counterpart and wrote in an email to the company’s legal team that she had been “tokenized, marginalized, and discriminated against.” Oneal told employees that Activision Blizzard only offered her equal pay after she had tendered her resignation, IGN reported. 

Spotify has stopped shuffling albums by default following a request from Adele, according to a report by BBC. Previously, when viewing an album on Spotify, you’d see a small shuffle icon within the larger “Play” button. This indicated that Spotify would begin playing the album’s songs in a random order, which isn’t always what users would expect (or want) it to do.
Now, when you hit “Play” in Album View, songs will play in order — that is, as long as you have a Premium subscription. You can still enable shuffle mode by toggling on the “Shuffle” icon when viewing an individual track.


This was the only request I had in our ever changing industry! We don’t create albums with so much care and thought into our track listing for no reason. Our art tells a story and our stories should be listened to as we intended. Thank you Spotify for listening  ♥️ https://t.co/XWlykhqxAy— Adele (@Adele) November 21, 2021



Adele appears to have asked Spotify to change this feature, citing that albums should be listened to in a specific order. The singer sent out a tweet to thank Spotify for making the change, noting that “Our art tells a story and our stories should be listened to as we intended. Thank you Spotify for listening.” Spotify later replied to Adele’s tweet, saying “Anything for you,” suggesting the move was done as a favor.
Chris Macowski, the head of music communications at Spotify, confirmed the presence of the new feature to The Verge. “As Adele mentioned, we are excited to share that we have begun rolling out a new Premium feature that has been long requested by both users and artists to make play the default button on all albums,” the spokesperson said. “For those users still wishing to shuffle an album, they can go to the Now Playing View and select the shuffle toggle.”
It’s no coincidence that the change comes just days after the release of Adele’s new album, 30, which has already exploded in popularity. One song, Easy on Me, holds the Spotify record for the most global listens in a single day, kicking k-pop group BTS off of their throne.

Welp, The Morning Show season two finale was a messy disappointment much like the rest of the season. I think Linda Holmes’ recap at NPR really nailed why a season that seemed full of promise never hit the mark, mostly because it couldn’t quite figure out what it wanted to be. The latest season of Succession has yet to steer me wrong, however(and we learned this week that there is a fun Verge-related Succession backstory).
This week’s round up is heavy on the sci-fi, which was unplanned but makes for some nice symmetry. 

The Expanse
The sixth and final season of the sci-fi drama is on the horizon, and is a disappointingly short six episodes. It has a lot of work to do and from the looks of the trailer, wastes no time getting down to business, and the episodes must be jam packed judging by the official synopsis: “Holden and the crew of the Rocinante fight alongside the Combined Fleet of Earth and Mars to protect the Inner Planets from Marco Inaros and his Free Navy’s campaign of death and destruction. Meanwhile, on a distant planet beyond the Rings, a new power rises.” Oooh. The Expanse returns to Amazon Prime Video December 10th, with new episodes weekly.

Ozark 
I’m admittedly about a season behind on the Byrde family saga, so will need to catch up before season 4 drops. This full trailer runs in reverse, from a terrible car crash, back through highlights (lowlights?) of all three seasons of Ozark to the show’s beginning. “Human beings make decisions, they commit acts, and that makes things happen. It creates a snowball effect, causes other people to make decisions. The cycle continues and the snowball keeps rolling,” Marty Byrde tells us in a voiceover. Uplifting as ever, this show. The words “no ending is reached by accident” appear over scenes of explosions, shootings, and all manner of violence, until it closes on the Byrde family driving along in their minivan looking happy. Ha we know that can’t last. Ozark season 4 comes to Netflix on January 22nd, 2022.


    Related
  
Spider-Man: No Way Home’s latest trailer brings back all the bad guys


Encounter 
Riz Ahmed is a “decorated Marine [who] goes on a rescue mission to save his two young sons from an unhuman threat,” according to the official synopsis. There is something weird swimming around in the one dude’s eyeball that makes Ahmed’s character freak out, there are bugs crawling and flying around everywhere that make him freak out, and all clues point to some kind of alien invasion (probably). Octavia Spencer stars along with Ahmed, Lucian-River Chauhan, and Aditya Geddada in Encounter, which comes to theaters December 3rd and Amazon Prime Video on December 10th.

Nightmare Alley
We got a teaser for this latest Guillermo del Toro movie in September, but get a fuller look at Bradley Cooper’s mysterious and somewhat menacing carny who can apparently read minds (or believes he can) under the right circumstances. Based on the 1946 novel by William Lindsay Gresham, Nightmare Alley stars Cooper, Cate Blanchett, Toni Collette, Willem Dafoe, Richard Jenkins, Rooney Mara, Ron Perlman, and David Straithairn, and comes to theaters December 17th.

Don’t Look Up
This star-studded sci-fi dark comedy (it’s a thing) features Leonardo DiCaprio and Jennifer Lawrence as two relatively unknown astronomers who discover a planet-killing comet is headed toward Earth, but get blown off by everyone they try to warn— the president (Meryl Streep), her adviser (Jonah Hill), morning show hosts (Tyler Perry and Cate Blanchett), and pretty much everyone else. Timothee Chalamet, Ariana Grande, Rob Morgan, Ron Perlman, and Mark Rylance also star in Don’t Look Up, which comes to Netflix on December 24th after a limited run in theaters. 




Meta — Facebook, Instagram, and WhatsApp’s parent company — doesn’t plan to roll out end-to-end encryption (E2EE) by default on Messenger and Instagram until 2023, first reported by The Guardian.
The company merged Messenger and Instagram chats last year, as a part of its plan to create a unified messaging system across all of its platforms. And while messages sent through Messenger and Instagram can be E2EE, that option isn’t turned on by default — and likely won’t be — until sometime in 2023. WhatsApp already supports E2EE by default.
Meta wants to keep users safe while still “assisting public safety efforts”
In a post in The Telegraph, Antigone Davis, Meta’s head of safety, attributes the delay to concerns about user safety. Since E2EE means only the sender and recipient will see their conversations, Davis says Meta wants to ensure that this doesn’t interfere with the platform’s ability to help stop criminal activity. Once E2EE does become available by default, Davis notes that the company will “use a combination of non-encrypted data across our apps, account information and reports from users” to help keep them safe, all while “assisting public safety efforts.”
In a blog post earlier this year, Meta said that default E2EE would become available on Instagram and Messenger “sometime in 2022 at the earliest.” But now, Davis says that Meta wants to “get this right,” so the company plans on delaying the feature’s debut until 2023.
Also going into effect in 2023 is the UK’s Online Safety bill, which will require online platforms to keep children from harm, as well as promptly address abusive content. This may impede Facebook’s plans to enable E2EE by default, as the UK’s Home Secretary, Priti Patel, has criticized its use in the past. According to a report from BBC, Patel claims E2EE could make it more difficult to prevent child abuse online, stating: “Sadly, at a time when we need to be taking more action... Facebook is still pursuing E2EE plans that place the good work and the progress that has already been made at jeopardy.”
Last year, the US joined the UK, Australia, New Zealand, Canada, India, and Japan in a call to give local law enforcement backdoor encryption access, which would allow authorities to view encrypted messages and files if a warrant is issued.

A leaked video suggests that Resident Evil 4 VR may be getting a free update that adds The Mercenaries mode in 2022, first spotted by Biohazard Declassified (via UploadVR). 
According to the report, a trailer for the highly-requested Mercenaries mode briefly appeared on the Oculus YouTube channel before getting taken down. However, users still managed to save the trailer and repost it on YouTube. The leaked trailer says that The Mercenaries DLC is “arriving in 2022” as a “free update on Meta Quest 2.”
Some fans of the series were disappointed to find out that Mercenaries wasn’t included in RE4VR, which challenges you to kill hordes of enemies and rack up as many points as possible before the timer runs out. As UploadVR notes, The Mercenaries mode has been present in all versions of RE4 — except for RE4VR. You could also find the mode in RE3: Nemesis, RE5, RE6, RE Village, and in its own spinoff RE: The Mercenaries 3D.
The Oculus Quest 2 will soon be known as the Meta Quest 2
RE4VR came out on the Oculus Quest 2 last month without the add-ons that the game came with in the past, including The Mercenaries, Separate Ways, and Assignment: Ada. Our review of the RE4VR gives you a better look at how the base game plays, which turned out to be better than we thought.
As you can also see from the leaked trailer, Facebook (which now belongs to Meta), has replaced the “Oculus Quest 2” with its revamped name and logo, calling it the “Meta Quest 2.” The rebranding has even seeped to the Oculus website, where you’ll see Meta’s name and logo stamped in the top left corner of the screen (via UploadVR). Meta plans on phasing out Oculus branding in 2022, just in time for The Mercenaries’ potential release.
Correction November 21st, 4:10PM ET: An earlier version of this story incorrectly stated that UploadVR first broke the news about the trailer, when it was actually Biohazard Declassified. We regret the error.

In recent years, Netflix has started to specialize in live-action adaptations of anime. So far, the streaming service has released film adaptations such as Death Note, Fullmetal Alchemist, and Rurouni Kenshin. The next anime to receive the live-action treatment is Cowboy Bebop, a show considered to be one of the greatest anime ever made. 
The original Cowboy Bebop anime ended in 2001, but it’s seeing a surge in popularity thanks to the new Netflix show. That popularity can be seen on Reddit in the r/cowboybebop subreddit. For nearly a decade, fans have flocked to this community to post their thoughts on Spike Spiegel and his past, funny memes, cosplay pics, and fantastic fan art. 
“I created the subreddit in 2012, so a little over nine years now,” said MarshallBanana_, head moderator and creator of the subreddit. MarshallBanana_ became a fan during the series’ original run on Adult Swim. Anime gained popularity in America during the 1990s and the 2000s with the introduction of Toonami and Adult Swim, programming blocks on Cartoon Network dedicated to airing anime and mature shows. The first anime to ever air on Adult Swim was Cowboy Bebop. 
The show made its debut on September 2nd, 2001, one day after the first broadcast of Adult Swim. It followed the adventures of Spike Spiegel, Jett Black, and Faye Valentine, bounty hunters who travel the galaxy searching for their targets. It only had 26 episodes and a movie but managed to maintain a huge online fanbase in the two decades following its release, thanks to communities like r/cowboybebop.
Both the community, and the show it’s based on, have been able to reach and connect fans across the world. That includes one of the subreddit’s own moderators. Alwaqas is from the Middle East and joined the subreddit two years ago but has been a fan of Cowboy Bebop since he was a kid. “Being from the Middle East, the anime that I watched as a kid were very different than what is popular in the US. One day, the Bebop movie came up on TV, and I had heard about Bebop before but never seen it; it was so different from what I have seen before, and I instantly got hooked.”










Image: Sunrise Entertainment


The show pulls from so many influences that it’s able to attract an international audience. “I think that the unique way that Bebop blends genres while still being so consistent lets it feel so fresh to this day,” Alwaqas says. “It is still a really relevant show with a quality of animation that is still unmatched to this day.” SonicFrost, another moderator of the subreddit, explains that [it] has simply become necessary viewing for any prospective anime viewer.”
Currently, the member count of r/cowboybebop sits at 225,000, but this was not always the case. “In 2018, the sub was barely stepping above 20,000 subs; it was pretty much dead at that point,” said -WakaJawaka-, one of the subreddit’s other moderators. These numbers improved after some of the mods attempted to revitalize the community, led by -WakaJawaka- and MarshallBanana_.
“It was pretty much dead at that point”
“I think after I joined, we tried to give it some life again with some small redesign, a new series rewatch discussion, and creating our Discord server, which gave a new breath of life into the community,” said -WakaJawaka-. The community’s members grew to 50,000 in 2019, likely thanks to these changes by the mods. SonicFrost believes that the community’s current growth has been sparked by the Netflix series. “Generally, I think that the fanbase will continue to grow just off the back of the original show,” he says. “But without a doubt, the announcement of the live-action show has had a significant effect on our subreddit, and we’re quite excited to see it breathe new life to it.” 
Users of r/cowboybebop have different theories. No_Mathematician2251 believes that YouTube video essays are the cause for this growth, while NChamars believes the answer is much simpler: the show is popular. “It’s because the series is gaining its spot in mainstream culture and over the years has been getting more attention. That’s why Netflix wants to create a live-action show.”










Image: Geoffrey Short / Netflix


MarshallBanana_ is optimistic about the Netflix series but does admit there’s been negativity surrounding it. “Lately, a good portion of the community has allowed for their more negative side to come out, as they feel very protective of the anime, and sometimes it bums me out that more people aren’t open-minded about the adaptation.”
With the Netflix show being a subject of controversy, criticism was always bound to happen. The negative commentary hasn’t been too common on the subreddit, stemming mostly from a vocal minority, but it has still been disappointing for SonicFrost. “It’s frustrating to see people who actively attempt to undermine and disqualify other people’s joy — as though their subjective feelings are objectively wrong. Isn’t that strange?”
He also wants to give this vocal minority and all of the subreddit’s users a space to debate each other. “Our hope is both can find a voice on our platform, without resorting to tired insults and attacks on each other or on the cast and crew, who I’m certain have poured their heart and soul into this thing.”
“It is such a warm and welcoming community”
These conversations between users are among MarshallBanana_’s favorite aspects of the community. “For the most part, the Bebop community is filled with talented, kind, intelligent people. There’s always an enlightening conversation to be had and fan art projects and cosplay to admire.” For Alwaqas, his favorite aspect is how welcoming the community is. “It is such a warm and welcoming community; like every community, it has gatekeepers and not so nice members, but I never felt so welcomed in such a fanbase like the Bebop fanbase.”
After the Netflix show debuts, the subreddit will no doubt grow larger, meaning even more people will get to experience how this welcoming feeling. As for the community’s future, MarshallBanana_ thinks that the Netflix show will be the topic of conversation for a while. But when that passes, he has a few things in mind. “My personal goal is to keep the community civil and peaceful, have good conversations, and hopefully get some AMAs with people who worked on both shows.”
The other mods echoed the same sentiment. There seems to be an expectation that the Netflix show will bring in new users. SonicFrost knows this, but he hopes that the series is actually good. “Netflix really has the opportunity here to reinvigorate this fandom — and maybe finally show that a ‘Netflix anime adaptation’ isn’t a joke.”



Nintendo’s Black Friday deals kicked off on Sunday, November 21st, and they’ll last until November 27th. Like last year, the main attraction is the standard Nintendo Switch console that includes Mario Kart 8 Deluxe and a three-month individual membership to Nintendo Switch Online. It all costs $299.99. Nintendo confirmed that the Switch console included here is the V2 model with improved battery life. Altogether, these items would cost around $370, so the $299 price point is stellar.

















Nintendo Switch console with Mario Kart 8 Deluxe




                $300
              





This holiday Switch bundle includes the console itself (with improved battery life over its 2017 model), Mario Kart 8 Deluxe, and a three-month subscription to Nintendo Switch Online.







              $300
              

at Best Buy
            





Several games are seeing big discounts, including ones that don’t commonly see such a big price drop. GameStop is hosting the best deals of any retailer right now (plus, these are the lowest prices of all time for these titles) on new physical editions of games, and notably, their digital editions, too. To make it easier to view and shop, I’m just going to list them below with their best sale prices. 
Here’s the list:


Xenoblade Chronicles: Definitive Edition is $27 for the physical or digital version at GameStop

Astral Chain is $27 for the physical or digital version at GameStop

Paper Mario: The Origami King is $27 for the physical or digital version at GameStop

The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild is $27 for the physical or digital version at GameStop

New Super Mario Bros. U Deluxe is $27 for the physical or digital version at GameStop

Splatoon 2 is $27 for the physical or digital version at GameStop

Kirby Star Allies is $27 for the physical or digital version at GameStop

The Legend of Zelda: Link’s Awakening is $40 for the physical or digital version at GameStop

Fire Emblem: Three Houses is $27 for the physical or digital version at GameStop

(If you’re purchasing a lot of digital games today, you might need a bigger microSD card to store more games on.)
You can also get big discounts on more interactive experiences for Switch, including Ring Fit Adventure for just $55 (usually $80) and Mario Kart Live: Home Circuit for $60 (usually $100). These are the biggest discounts yet for either of these titles. 

















Ring Fit Adventure




                $54
              

                $80
              

                  33% off
                





Nintendo’s exercising game for the Switch. In addition to the game, Ring Fit Adventure also includes a Ring-Con and a Leg Strap.







              $54
              

at Amazon
            





              $54
              

at GameStop
            












        Sign up for the
        
          newsletter
        
      
      Verge Deals
    
Subscribe to get the best Verge-approved tech deals of the week.






Just one more thing!
Please confirm your subscription to Verge Deals via the verification email we just sent you.




Email (required)






        By signing up, you agree to our Privacy Notice and European users agree to the data transfer policy.
        
      
Subscribe






DuckDuckGo’s new tool aims to prevent apps from tracking Android users, first reported by Wired. The tool, called App Tracking Protection, hopes to offer more protection from third-party trackers than Apple’s App Tracking Transparency feature, which gives users the choice to opt-out of data tracking within apps.
However, DuckDuckGo’s tool hasn’t been rolled out as part of an update to all Android phones, nor is it available as a separate download — it’s built into DuckDuckGo’s privacy-focused browser app, but works across your device. In a post on its blog, the company says that the tool will block “trackers it identifies in other apps from third-party companies.”








GIF by DuckDuckGo


Once App Tracking Protection is enabled, it will run in the background as you use your phone. The tool recognizes when an app is about to send data to a third-party tracker, and will then prevent the app from taking your information.
DuckDuckGo says that it’s “continually working to identify and protect against new trackers,” which means that your data should be kept away from any new trackers that crop up. From the DuckDuckGo app, you should also be able to see a real-time view of trackers that the tool has blocked, along with where your data would’ve been going.
The company says that although its App Tracking Protection tool isn’t a virtual private network (VPN), your device will behave as if it is one. “This is because App Tracking Protection uses a local ‘VPN connection’ which means that it works its magic right on your smartphone,” DuckDuckGo explains in its post. “However, App Tracking Protection is different from VPNs because it never routes app data through an external server.”
More than 96 percent of the most popular free Android apps have third-party trackers
While conducting its own test, DuckDuckGo found that more than 96 percent of some of the most popular free Android apps have third-party trackers that most users are unaware of. The company also discovered that 87 percent of these apps send user data to Google, while 68 percent send data to Facebook.
Right now the tool is in beta, but you can join the private waitlist (you won’t have to enter any personal information to do so). To sign up, download DuckDuckGo from the Google Play Store, and open the app. Hit “Settings” followed by “App Tracking Protection” in the “Privacy Section.” From there, choose “Join the Private Waitlist.” DuckDuckGo says it's gradually introducing the feature to more people every week.
As pointed out by Wired, DuckDuckGo obviously doesn’t have the power to change the internal configuration of Android devices like Google does, which means that DuckDuckGo’s tool can’t provide the same app tracking permission prompts that appear on Android and iOS. But if you combine the App Tracking Protection tool and the privacy settings already in Android devices, you can help protect your data from third-party trackers and apps themselves. Like Apple, Google recently started making it more difficult for apps to collect data on users by restricting them from accessing users’ Advertising IDs after they’ve opted out of tracking.
Apple’s stringent App Tracking Transparency tools essentially uproot the advertising system on iPhones, reportedly costing social platforms $10 billion as a result. But as a report by The Washington Post explains, Apple’s privacy system is limited, as it only blocks access to users’ Identifier for Advertisers (IDFA). 
Kamyl Bazbaz, the vice president of communications at DuckDuckGo told The Verge that Apple’s App Tracking Transparency tool “only restricts direct access to a user’s IDFA, the rest is essentially an honor system, where Apple is asking developers to respect user choice not to track but isn’t actually blocking any third party trackers itself. App Tracking Protection blocks those third-party trackers directly, making the tool more powerful than what’s available on iOS.”
Update November 21st, 9:30AM ET: Updated to clarify that DuckDuckGo’s tool can help provide more protection from third-party trackers when compared to Apple’s App Tracking Transparency tools and Android’s privacy settings alone. Also added a statement from a DuckDuckGo spokesperson.

The Samsung Odyssey G9 gaming monitor is on sale right now for $999 on Amazon, down $400 from its original $1399 price tag.
The 49-inch 5120 x 1440 monitor comes with a fast 240Hz refresh rate, 1ms response time, and supports both G-Sync and FreeSync 2. As noted in our review of the Odyssey G9, the curved monitor offers an immersive gaming experience, stretching around your entire field of vision as you game.
It produces incredibly vivid colors thanks to its QLED display and emits 1,000 nits of brightness. My colleague, Sean Hollister, pretty much sums up what it’s like to game on this behemoth of a screen in his review:
I’m not kidding when I say I have to avert my eyes when I launch Destiny 2 in HDR, and I could swear I felt the flames the first few times my Star Wars: Squadrons’ TIE Bomber blasted an X-Wing into oblivion.
Samsung debuted an upgraded version of this display in July, called the Odyssey Neo G9 monitor. Like the standard Odyssey G9, it’s also a 49-inch curved monitor with mostly the same specs. The main difference is that Odyssey G9 Neo has a mini-LED backlit panel that produces 2,000 nits of brightness, allowing for more contrast. The Verge is currently trying out this monitor, and we’re finding that it may not be worth its hefty $2,499 price tag due to various issues we’re seeing — but we’ll go over that in the full review.
As for the much cheaper $999 Odyssey G9, there aren’t any details on how long the deal will last on Amazon. However, we can speculate that it’s an early Black Friday promotion, so it may not be around too much longer.

Cowboy Bebop: The Movie, known in Japan by the much better name Cowboy Bebop: Knockin’ On Heaven’s Door, was released in 2001 and takes place during the show’s final handful of episodes. Most anime movies don’t impact the overall arc of the show, featuring enemies, allies, and plot points that are rarely ever acknowledged outside the movie’s quarantine zone. However, Knockin’ On Heaven’s Door transcends the trope of the inconsequential anime movie and is critical to the conversation surrounding the show’s cultural impact.
In Knockin’ On Heaven’s Door, the gang are unwittingly sucked into a bio-terrorism plot, forced to stop the evil Vincent Volaju before he unleashes a deadly storm of nanobots on Mars. The movie hits on all the little things that make a typical Cowboy Bebop episode great. Every character gets a moment to let their unique talents save the day. There’s an absolutely bitchin’ spaceship battle underscored by Yoko Kanno’s soul-stealing soundtrack. And at the end, the bad guy is tragically relatable. 










It’s the villain’s tragedy that makes Knockin’ On Heaven’s Door so crucial to Cowboy Bebop’s narrative. Every episode of Cowboy Bebop gives you the tiniest glimpse into what makes each character tick, and in the movie, that glimpse widens into a window through which we are allowed to see the characters as never before. For the English voice cast of the show, the movie contains some of their most memorable moments.
“I actually got emotional regarding Spike’s experience,” Beau Billingslea, voice actor for Jet Black, says of the movie in an interview with The Verge. 
Steve Blum, voice of Spike Spiegel, agrees.
“I think the most profound moment for me was in the movie when he was talking to Electra about the pain that he was experiencing and his loss and damage.”
Blum’s referring to one of the movie’s quieter moments in which he’s stuck in a prison with Elektra Ovirowa — voiced by the Commander Shepard, Jennifer Hale. As Elektra shares her past romantic connection with Vincent, Spike shares a bit of his own history in the murderous Syndicate mob.
“When I was younger, I wasn’t afraid of anything,” Spike says to Elektra in the movie. “I didn’t have the slightest fear of dying. [...] But then I met a certain woman and it changed. For the first time the idea of death began to scare me.”

“It was the first time that he really got vulnerable,” Blum says, crediting that moment as the deepest and most open Spike ever is. This movie moment exposes in Spike a “vulnerability that he tried so hard to hide, or escape,” according to Blum.
Wendee Lee, the voice of Faye Valentine, also holds the movie in high regard. “We know all of these characters have damage,” Lee says. “We explore that systematically throughout the series. [...] But they save Spike for the film. Much later. Think of the genius that’s in the beats of storytelling in the way Bebop delivers the story. I think that in itself is one of the greater appeals of the whole franchise.”
Cowboy Bebop the series was recorded separately and disjointedly, with the actors coming in solo to record their scenes, one by one. Though the camaraderie we hear in the banter of the crew was recorded in isolation, it was no less genuine — and genuine in the actors themselves.
“Steve left me a note in the script,” Billingslea recalls. “He said, ‘Hey Beau, Jet sucks.’ So I went forward in the script, and I said, ‘Hey Steve, Spike sucks, and the Bebop to my ship.’”
“I think the most profound moment for me was in the movie when he was talking to Elektra about the pain that he was experiencing and his loss and damage.”
For the movie, the actors were brought into a big recording studio with the movie’s producers close at hand to offer opinions on actors’ performances. Despite that distraction, Blum says that recording the moment between Elektra and Spike was so emotional he “broke down.”
“And the moment was fairly brief compared to the exposition for a lot of the other characters,” Blum continues. “And yet [it was] so incredibly powerful, and then goes right back into the action shortly after, it was kind of amazing. It really taught me that a moment can change your life for the better for the worse. It changed me as an actor, changed me as a person. And I didn’t have that realization until many years later.”
Knockin’ On Heaven’s Door’s importance to Cowboy Bebop isn’t only because of profound character and actor moments, it’s also home to two of the best songs in the Bebop soundtrack canon and the actors agree.
“Gotta Knock A Little Harder” is one of Blum’s favorite songs (and mine, not gonna lie) as is “What Planet Is This.”
Cowboy Bebop is having a renaissance. Twenty-two years after the show’s release, Netflix is launching a live-action adaptation along with making the original anime available on its streaming platform (the anime is also available to stream on Funimation). But amid the surge of Cowboy Bebop news — the live-action show’s soundtrack will launch on Spotify the same day as the show — the movie seems to be missing from the conversation. It does not help that it can’t be streamed anywhere. It’s not available on either Netflix or Crunchyroll even though both services carry the show. (Curiously, though, you can stream it on Netflix in Canada — lucky Canadians.) The only reason I was able to rewatch the movie myself was because I still had a physical copy that I made my father buy from a Blockbuster the day it was released. Knockin’ On Heaven’s Door is just as embedded into the DNA of the live-action show as the anime itself, and when we talk about how great Cowboy Bebop is, it should be included.

Rendered images of the Google Pixel 6A have been leaked by reliable leaker Steve Hemmerstoffer (@OnLeaks), and give us a glimpse at what the midrange device may look like, first reported by 91Mobiles.










The leaked images show the Google Pixel 6A without a headphone jack. | Image: Steve Hemmerstoffer / 91Mobiles



The rendered Pixel 6A, which belongs to the budget-friendly Pixel A-series lineup, looks almost identical to the standard Pixel 6. It seems to sport the same black camera strip on its rear that houses two cameras and a flash, along with a hole-punch selfie camera on the front. The bottom of the device appears to have a USB-C port, as well as a speaker and a microphone.
As pointed out by 9to5Google, there appears to be no fingerprint sensor on the outside of the device — this might mean the scanner is placed beneath the screen just like the Pixel 6 and Pixel 6 Pro, which Google recently issued an update for in an attempt to improve the scanner’s performance issues.
The Pixel 6A could be the first midrange Pixel device to come without a headphone jack
A headphone jack also appears to be absent from the Pixel 6A. If the rendered images are accurate, the Pixel 6A could be the first midrange Pixel device to come without one — previously, the Pixel 5A, Pixel 4A, and Pixel 3A all had headphone jacks, as opposed to their Pixel 5, Pixel 4, and Pixel 3 counterparts.
The Pixel 6A may also be a lot more compact than the Pixel 6 and Pixel 6 Pro, measuring at just 152.2 x 71.8. x 8.7mm with a 6.2-inch display (via 91Mobiles). This is quite a bit smaller when compared to the size of a vanilla Pixel 6, which is 158.6 x 74.8 x 8.9mm with a 6.4-inch display.
There’s no word on when the Pixel 6A will be released — after all, the Pixel 6 and Pixel 6 Pro only came out last month — so we’ll probably have to wait a while to see some official images of the device.

Astra is now on the list of privately-owned space companies that have successfully reached orbit. Its Launch Vehicle 0007 (LV0007), which was carrying a test payload for the US military, took off from the Pacific Spaceport Complex in Kodiak Island, Alaska on Saturday at 1:16AM ET. Following a smooth liftoff, the 43-foot rocket achieved orbit around nine minutes later at 500km above Earth.


Astra just reached orbit! 7.61km/sec at our targeted 86.0 degree inclination at an altitude of 500km. The team worked hard for this. We’re just getting started, folks. #AdAstra pic.twitter.com/NiMhCEsuCI— Chris Kemp (@Kemp) November 20, 2021



“The team’s worked so hard on this for so many years,” said Astra CEO Chris Kemp during a livestream after the launch. “We have rocket serial number eight, nine, 10 in production, so we’re just getting started.”
The startup’s successful launch follows several failed attempts at reaching orbit
The California-based startup’s successful launch follows several failed attempts at reaching orbit. Its first attempted launch took place during the DARPA competition in March 2020, which tests rocket companies’ abilities to respond to requests from the US military. Astra wasn’t able to get its rocket off the ground due to technical issues.
Later that year in September, Astra attempted to reach orbit once again, but issues with the rocket’s guidance system led Astra to cut the flight short. Just three months later, Astra reached space for the first time with its Rocket 3.2 launch, however, it wasn’t able to successfully slip into orbit after running low on fuel. 
Astra’s most recent attempt was in August of this year. An engine failure caused the LV0006 to slide across the launchpad during takeoff, and the rocket only reached an altitude of 31 miles before Astra terminated the launch.
Now, Astra joins Virgin Orbit, SpaceX, and Rocket Lab as one of the few US companies that have achieved orbit with a privately-owned rocket. You can watch Astra’s entire launch from the NASASpaceflight YouTube channel.
Correction November 20, 4:25PM ET: An earlier version of this story incorrectly referenced Virgin Galactic instead of Virgin Orbit. We regret the error.

Foundation’s first season has officially wrapped with its season finale, which saw the first chapter of Apple TV Plus’ most ambitious show come to a conclusion. 
The epic sci-fi show, based on Isaac Asimov’s centuries-spanning series of novels, has grown far beyond its quasi-magic space math from the initial episodes, spinning out different storylines ranging from drama in the Foundation’s newfound home of Terminus to the byzantine imperial politics of Trantor. 
In the wake of the finale, The Verge’s Chaim Gartenberg and Andrew Webster are revisiting the show to see what worked, what didn’t, and what they’re hoping to see in the already-announced second season. 
Spoilers for the entire first season of Foundation ahead
 









Image: Apple



Chaim: I’m really of two minds about Foundation. With the first season in the bag, I’m actually really enjoying the show as interesting, high-concept sci-fi. But the story that’s being told here is emphatically not that of Foundation from the Asimov books.
I get that there’s bound to be differences in adapting a seven-book series (not counting the expanded Empire and Robot stories that Asimov later tied into a mostly cohesive whole) that was retroactively forged into books out of numerous short stories aiming to tell a story spanning 1,000 years of human history. But even with that said, after borrowing the basic premise — the Empire is going to fall and mankind will suffer 30,000 years of darkness unless something is done to cushion the dark age to 1,000 years, because “fancy math” — Foundation just seems wholly uninterested in exploring that concept past the first episode or two. 
The individual stories here are generally interesting on their own. The “genetic dynasty” of a succession of Lee Paces ruling the crumbling empire with an iron fist is the show’s highlight, thanks in no small part to Pace’s dynamic performances as the cloned Brother Day. And Salvor Hardin’s cat-and-mouse game on Terminus with the Anacreons is enjoyable sci-fi fare, too. 
Meanwhile, the third leg of the story, the prolonged drama of Gaal’s shuttling in cryo from place to place as the show hints at her mysterious powers, is… less compelling. 
The practical concerns of running a multi-season TV series also clearly impact the show. Some characters, like the Cleon clones or the seemingly immortal robot Demerzel, play well into the themes of the series and help give weight to the sheer size and scale of the Empire. But by the end of the finale, it felt like the show was twisting itself in knots to keep key characters like Hardin and Gaal around through multiple eras of the show so that the actors playing them could offer some continuity for the next season.
 









Image: Apple



Andrew: I’m not as well-versed on the source material, but I generally agree. Once all of the initial worldbuilding and discussion of future-predicting math was out of the way in the first few episodes, Foundation really picked up in a lot of ways. The worldbuilding remains incredible throughout. All of the many cultures and planets have a depth to them that is quite frankly astounding. That goes for the big things — like a desert planet’s incredibly detailed religious beliefs and ceremonies or the sheer scale of the landscapes you see — to the smaller moments, like the scratches on an old spacesuit or the way each culture has its own particular style of dress and armor. You can tell there was a huge budget here, and it was put to good use. (Even the special effects that seem out of place, like a certain robot skull in the finale, look amazing.)
Early on, I really struggled to identify with any of the cast. It was all setup and vanishingly little character development. As the story developed, Foundation’s confusing structure continued to make this a struggle. It jumps around a lot, both in terms of the stories it’s focused on and the timeline. There’s just so much going on, and so much complexity — Harri Seldon’s plan seemed complicated at first, but the many layers (and lies) it ends up involving made it even harder to follow — that’s only compounded by the fact that many of the characters live years beyond their life span through cryo-sleep or other means. Oh, and then there are the multiple generations of the emperor, all played by the same three actors, making things even harder to follow. It also doesn’t help that the show is far too serious all the time. I get that the fate of the universe is important, but Foundation could definitely use a sense of humor to lighten the mood at times and let me connect to its cast.
It wasn’t until episode eight, where Lee Pace’s emperor faces a life-threatening trek through a desert, where I felt like I was finally getting to know these characters. Up until then, the show seemed more focused on the universe as a whole than it did the individual people whose stories it’s telling. Once it slowed down, though, and allowed viewers longer and quieter moments with the cast, it really worked. And like you said, even when they don’t have much to work with, much of the cast here does great with what’s in front of them — especially the villains. Pace exudes a cold calculating menace that borders on sociopathic, while Kubbra Sait, as the grand huntress of the planet of Anacreon, is terrifyingly focused on vengeance above all else. Another highlight is T’Nia Miller as a devout religious leader who stands tall against the empire.
 









Image: Apple



Chaim: I’ll join you in praising the worldbuilding: Foundation always looks incredible, from claustrophobic hallways on a derelict ship to the sweeping salt deserts to the stark stone of Terminus. 
And the slower pace and steadily built-out cast do help flesh out the latter characters a lot more than Gaal, Hari, or Raych get throughout the first two episodes. Salvor’s extended screentime means that we get to know her, the often contentious relationship she has with her parents and the Foundation’s leadership, and her romantic fling with the Han Solo-esque Hugu (Daniel MacPherson, who helps add a much-needed lightness of tone whenever he shows up). 
The show also uses the time to raise some thoughts about the idea of religion and faith versus science and human effort, and the blurred lines between them, particularly as Seldin’s elaborate plan is revealed to help establish himself as a mythological figure in the history of the Foundation. It’s these sorts of parallels that Foundation doesn’t quite fully dig into, although hopefully the show will continue to explore those areas in season 2. 
But Foundation’s pace and added filler also has me raising some eyebrows at the show’s future. One of the draws of the original series is how it skips through time, showing snapshots of the fall of the Empire, the rise of the Foundation as a new power, how Seldon’s predictive powers do (and occasionally don’t) manage to foresee the different shifts and changes in the galactic sphere. And on that scale, Foundation still feels like it’s stuck in the earliest stages of what it could be. 
 









Image: Apple



In theory, that could all be part of the plan: showrunner David S. Goyer apparently pitched Apple on eight seasons of the series for a total of 80 episodes, which would justify the occasionally dragged-out pace if (and it’s a big if) Foundation actually gets the time and budget to tell the other 87.5 percent of its story. 
And if Foundation is going to try to forge forward in telling the story of Seldon’s 1,000-year plan, at some point it is going to have to leave some of its cast and characters behind to forge ahead in the future. 
Andrew: Yeah, and here’s the thing: Foundation really does feel like it’s building toward something interesting. But in these 10 episodes, it hasn’t reached that destination yet. It’s more like an extended prologue than its own story. Much like Hari Seldon’s followers, the show demands a lot of faith from viewers. In season 1, you’re investing 10 hours for the promise of a more interesting story to come.

In case you weren’t aware, the biggest shopping holiday of the year is right around the corner. Yes, Black Friday is nearly upon us, kicking off promptly following Thanksgiving in the US, which happens on Thursday, November 25th. And while some of the best deals are yet to come (don’t worry, we’ll have you covered), we’ve collected some of the best early Black Friday deals you can cash in on right now from various brands and retailers. But for now, here’s what is especially alluring in the deals world.
The Black Friday sale at the Ubisoft store is live, and there are massive savings to be had on its catalog of games. Even brand new releases like Far Cry 6 and Riders Republic are enjoying solid discounts during this sale that runs until the 28th of November. At Ubisoft’s online store, make sure to use the code BF20 at checkout to slice an extra 20 percent off your purchase. Some other standout titles include Assassin’s Creed: Valhalla for $30, and Watch Dogs: Legion for $20. 
However, if you’re not in the mood to fork over cash for free Ubisoft swag, you can still grab the PC version of Splinter Cell: Chaos Theory for free.


    Related
  
Win a mystery bag from The Verge!


















Ubisoft Store Sale






The entire Ubisoft store is home to massive discounts until the 28th of November. Whether you’re picking up games or branded merch, make sure to use the code BF20 at checkout for additional savings.







               Ubisoft
            





There are currently three different models of Apple’s AirPods available for a steep discount. The stellar AirPods Pro with their wireless MagSafe charging case are currently available at Amazon and Best Buy for $190, taking $60 off the original retail price. We’ve seen slightly better deals on the previous iteration that doesn’t support MagSafe, but this is the first big price break we’ve seen for this newer model that does.

















Apple AirPods Pro (with MagSafe charging case)




                $170
              

                $249
              

                  32% off
                





We consider Apple’s AirPods Pro to be among the best wireless earbuds you can buy right now. Apple’s flagship earbuds improve on the regular AirPods with better sound quality, excellent active noise cancellation, and immersive spatial audio. Read our review.







              $170
              

at Amazon
            





              $190
              

at Best Buy
            





The third generation of AirPods that debuted just a month ago are already receiving discounts. Normally $180, Amazon has these earbuds available for $175 — not much better, we know. But the best offer is available today from Woot, which brings the price down to $170 if you check out with your Amazon Prime membership. Neither of these discounts are particularly big, but any kind of discount on earbuds this new are rare. Read our review.

















AirPods (2021, third-generation)




                $170
              

                $179
              

                  6% off
                





Similar in appearance to their sleeker sibling, the AirPods Pro, the latest entry-level AirPods boast a new charging case and shorter stems. They’re also water-resistant, unlike the 2019 model, and sport better battery life.







              $170
              

at Woot
            





I told you we had lots of AirPods deals, right? The second-generation of Apple AirPods equipped with the wireless charging case are available for a limited time at Woot for just $135, and Prime subscribers can get an extra $5 off. This discount doesn’t quite match the lowest price we’ve seen for these earbuds but is substantially cheaper than the next best deal at Walmart, which has the same model available for $150. 

















Apple AirPods with Wireless Charging Case (2nd Generation) 




                $150
              

                $200
              

                  25% off
                





These AirPods come with a charging wireless case but are otherwise the same.







              $150
              

at Walmart
            





              $135
              

at Woot
            







    Related
  
The best early Black Friday deals on Apple devices

The Razer Huntsman Mini is an excellent take on the 60-percent form factor keyboard, stripping it down to the bare essentials. This sale at Best Buy and Amazon knocks $40 off the normal MSRP and reduces the Mini with linear switches to just $90. This deal also extends to the clicky switch version which is also available at both retailers for $80. If you sign in with a My Best Buy account, you can save a few more bucks off the total.
This is the lowest price we’ve seen for this keyboard so far. The small form factor is perfect for anyone striving for that ultra-clean desk aesthetic, but the absence of arrow keys and a function row may pose some difficulty to anyone that's more accustomed to using a fully-sized keyboard.

















Razer Huntsman Mini




                $80
              

                $100
              

                  21% off
                





The Huntsman Mini is Razer’s first 60 percent keyboard. It doesn’t feature a numpad or dedicated media controls, but it’s a very compact model that won’t take up much space on your desk.







              $80
              

at GameStop
            





              $80
              

at Amazon
            





If you’re in need of a webcam, the Razer Kiyo Pro is a solid option available for its lowest price ever at $100. This deal at Amazon takes half off the regular price, while Best Buy is selling it for $130. The Kiyo Pro discards the small ring light from the standard model but is capable of recording FHD video at 60FPS. Another cool feature that sets this camera apart from the crowd is its ability to adjust its field of view. 

















Razer Kiyo Pro




                $130
              

                $200
              

                  35% off
                





The Kiyo Pro is a lens-shaped webcam that supports up to 1080p resolution capture at 60 frames per second. It features an ultrawide 103-degree field of view, though it can be adjusted down to 80 degrees. The Kiyo Pro has a built-in mic.







              $130
              

at Amazon
            





              $130
              

at Best Buy
            





Google managed to keep the Stadia alive slightly longer than a carnival goldfish, and to celebrate, the Google Stadia Premiere Edition bundle has been discounted to just $22 at the Google Store. This deal is pretty amazing, even if you don’t end up becoming a Stadia subscriber. This package usually costs $80, making it a bit steep for new adopters. On top of that, Stadia Pro usually costs $10 a month, though new subscribers get a free month of service that gets you access to a rotating library of free games, and discounts on titles you want to keep. Read our initial thoughts on the Stadia.  













        
          Google Stadia Premiere Edition 
        
      



Google Stadia Premiere Edition




                $22
              

                $80
              

                  73% off
                





Stadia is Google’s cloud gaming service, which can be played on anything from a web browser, to a smartphone, to a TV through a Chromecast. It has an ever-growing library of games, including major AAA titles.







              $22
              

at Google Store
            





Some other cool deals to check out

The esports-inspired Razer BlackShark V2 Pro is on sale for just $130. This $50 price reduction brings the wireless BlackShark down to the lowest price we’ve seen for this aviator-style headset.

Razer’s Iskur gaming chair is currently discounted by $150, bringing the price down to just $350. This price break makes this chair more affordable than anything currently offered by the leading gaming chair giant, Secretlab.
If the boom mic on your headset just isn’t cutting it anymore, the Razer Seiren X is currently discounted to $60 at Best Buy. This reduces the regular price by $40, making it the lowest price we’ve seen for this powerful mic. Just note that the discount only extends to the black and pink colorways. 








        Sign up for the
        
          newsletter
        
      
      Verge Deals
    
Subscribe to get the best Verge-approved tech deals of the week.






Just one more thing!
Please confirm your subscription to Verge Deals via the verification email we just sent you.




Email (required)






        By signing up, you agree to our Privacy Notice and European users agree to the data transfer policy.
        
      
Subscribe






Elizabeth Holmes, her hair down and her makeup muted relative to her Theranos days, spelled her name for the court. After the prosecution rested its case in the morning, the defense called her as their third witness, about an hour before the end of the day. She wore a navy blazer with a white blouse — not one of the famous black turtlenecks has made an appearance in court during the months the case against her has dragged on.
Holmes is facing 11 counts of wire fraud from her time as founder and CEO of Theranos. Though her testimony today is the first time she’s spoken for herself, we’ve heard her voice already — in the recordings of Fortune journalist Roger Parloff. In those recordings, she lies confidently about her device’s capabilities. And the lies Parloff recorded were consistent with the lies her investors testified that she told them.
So far Holmes hasn’t said much
I do not think I am the only person who’s wondered how she’ll explain this. Now, we are going to find out.
So far Holmes hasn’t said much — we’ve learned about her education, the time she spent at Stanford, and that she dropped out to form Theranos. When her testimony ended today, we were still in 2006, well before the period the government alleges any fraud took place, which means most of the juicy stuff will have to wait until next week.
Holmes was cheerful, smiling at her attorney, Kevin Downey. She seemed relaxed and focused. Everyone I know has asked me about her voice. For what it’s worth, the most obnoxious part of The Voice Discourse is that most of these writers have no musical training. She is not and could never have been “baritone,” as Inc wrote — she’s not even a tenor! — and the idea that she’d go up “several octaves” when she speaks normally, as John Carreyrou writes in Bad Blood, suggests a “real” pitch higher than the speaking voice of Kristen Chenoweth. That is nonsense.
Holmes sounds like a normal alto to me, though she has a habit of dropping her voice to punch words she wants to emphasize. Then, she sounds like she has a cold, or perhaps, as Jezebel put it, like she’s using her “impression of a stupid man” voice. If it’s an affectation, it’s one she’s had so long that it’s natural to her now. In any event, most of her speech isn’t at the bottom of her range.
The voice is part of the famous Holmes persona
But the voice is part of the famous Holmes persona, which I expect we will be hearing more about in the coming days. The defense has indicated that they expect to continue questioning her all next week; if the prosecution’s cross-exam is shorter than two days, I will be surprised.
The story Holmes told in her testimony is well-known. She dropped out of Stanford and used the rest of the money her parents had saved from her college education, as well as some debt and some money from family friends, to found a company called Real-Time Cures. She later changed the name to Theranos. 
Originally, the idea was to create a pill or patch, one that would analyze a person’s blood, allowing for more-precise medication dosing. But people seemed more interested in a tabletop device for blood analysis, rather than a pill or patch, so she switched her focus.
She raised money from Don Lucas, an investor best known for his association with Oracle, and Larry Ellison, among others. Lucas wanted to speak to some of the pharmaceutical companies Theranos had been working with as part of his due diligence, so we were shown a 2005 email where Holmes introduced Lucas to someone she’d been working with at Pfizer. We also saw the reply: that he’d be happy to talk to Lucas.
“We nailed this one.”
With the money Holmes raised, she created a device called Theranos 1.0, a photo of which was displayed for the courtroom, and which to me looked like someone had attached a thick antenna to a gray printer.
During that time, the business plan was to work with drug companies on their clinical trials. She spoke to Pfizer, GlaxoSmithKline, Novartis, and Bristol Myers Squibb. Theranos signed agreements with GSK in September 2006, and with Pfizer in November 2006. The company also did demos for Novartis and Eli Lilly.
We were even shown an email from Holmes to the entire staff at Theranos about the Novartis demo. In the November 19, 2006 email, she wrote, “We nailed this one. You all did an incredible job in making this happen — this is the Theranos way. We are on a roll to do what we need to do next month and in ‘07.”
We also saw a 2006 email from Holmes to Bob Grady, a partner at the Carlyle Group, when Holmes was raising money. In it, she lists people at Pfizer, GlaxoSmithKline, and Novartis he can talk to if he wants to confirm their work with Theranos. Not all investors asked for this information, she testified.
I look forward to her explanation for the remarkably consistent lies several people testified to
And then we broke for the day. The period in which the government alleges fraud took place is still ahead of us. We know from the opening statements Holmes may blame Sunny Balwani, her co-defendant who is being tried separately; the defense suggested that her mistake was trusting him too much.
She may also allege that he abused her. In court filings unsealed in August, she alleged that he controlled what she ate, how she dressed, and all her communications. (Balwani denies this.) The abuse allegations explain why the two are being tried separately; an expert on abusive relationships, Mindy Mechanic, is on the defense’s witness  list, though she may not be called. 
In her coming testimony, which I expect to be lengthy, I look forward to her explanation for the remarkably consistent lies several people testified to — that Theranos devices were used in Afghanistan and on military helicopters, that Theranos devices could perform more than 200 tests, and that the company did not use competitors’ machines for tests. I am particularly interested in the coming cross-examination, when the government can use her extensive body of statements, including those in the press, to ask her questions.
But right now, we’ve just heard the story of a fledgling startup — one that would not be interesting or unusual if it were not for how the company ended.

Elizabeth Holmes, the founder and CEO of disgraced blood-testing company Theranos, took the stand in her own defense late Friday, in a surprise move by the defense team. Holmes is being tried on charges of wire fraud and conspiracy to commit wire fraud, for allegedly misleading investors and patients about Theranos’ blood testing device.
Holmes took the stand just after 6PM ET on Friday, to the surprise of most in the courtroom. Verge editor Liz Lopatto, who has been covering the trial, said Holmes seemed relaxed as she answered questions about her background and the company. 


holmes has been smiling a lot on the stand. she seems relaxed. a lot of you have been asking me about her voice. it doesn’t sound that low to me? but when she punches a syllable for emphasis, she drops her pitch.— Elizabeth Lopatto (@mslopatto) November 19, 2021



Theranos was once valued at around $9 billion before investigative reporter John Carreyrou wrote an expose for The Wall Street Journal that said the company wasn’t using its own device for the blood tests it was conducting, and company employees were concerned the device wasn’t accurate. After more WSJ reports showed that the company’s tests were faulty and it voided two years of results from its Edison blood-testing device, Holmes was banned from operating labs, and Theranos dissolved in 2018. 
The government rested its case on Friday morning, after several weeks, during which dozens of witnesses testified about Holmes and the work Theranos did. Her defense team is expected to argue that Ramesh “Sunny” Balwani, Holmes’ ex-boyfriend and business partner at Theranos, was abusive toward her and “that any success she achieved was because of him.” Balwani is being tried separately next year. 


    Related
  
Elizabeth Holmes is on trial for fraud over her time at Theranos



Google sent a letter to the Department of Justice Friday requesting that the department examine whether newly confirmed antitrust division head Jonathan Kanter, who has been a vocal critic of the search giant, should be recused from federal antitrust investigations into Google. In his new role, Kanter will lead the department’s lawsuit against Google alleging it has a monopoly in the search and advertising markets.
Kanter has represented a number of companies in motions against Google, which the search giant argues should disqualify him. Most notably, Kanter represented Microsoft in a motion arguing against Google’s acquisition of DoubleClick, which was eventually approved by regulators and was closed in 2008. 
“Mr. Kanter’s past statements and work representing competitors who have advocated for the cases brought by the Department raise serious concerns about his ability to be impartial,” a Google spokesperson said in a statement to The Verge. You can read Google’s full letter to the DOJ at the bottom of this article.
Kanter is the latest in a string of prominent antitrust appointments from the Biden administration, which also include Lina Khan’s confirmation as the chair of the Federal Trade Commission and Tim Wu’s role working on technology and competition policy at the National Economic Council. Notably, Amazon and Facebook sought to force Lina Khan to recuse herself from their cases on similar grounds, although, so far, the efforts have had little result.




Hulu with Live TV is getting another price hike, but the subscription will now include Disney Plus and ESPN Plus at no additional cost.
Beginning December 21st, Hulu with Live TV’s monthly subscription cost will jump from its current price of $65 per month to $70 per month for its ad-supported tier. Its ad-free live TV package, meanwhile, will jump from $71 per month to $76 per month when the change goes into effect. The new pricing will apply to both new subscribers and those already paying for the service.
With the change, both of Hulu’s live TV packages will include ESPN Plus as well as Disney Plus, which cost $7 and $8 per month, respectively. That’s a major benefit to anyone currently paying for one or either of those services in addition to their Hulu with Live TV package. It’s less so, however, for subscribers only interested in Hulu with Live TV. The service last got a price hike around this same time last year.
Currently, that makes Hulu the most expensive among similarly priced live TV streaming services like YouTube TV and Fubo TV — both of which start at around $65 per month. 
Hulu’s primary streaming service sans live TV just got a price hike as well last month. The streaming service, which hosts Disney’s 20th Television catalog, as well as other more adult-leaning content, now costs $7 per month (ad-supported) or $13 per month (no-ads).

You pissed off people by somewhat breaking your app, and they’re leaving angry reviews. How can you salvage your reputation? Apple just found one incredibly effective way — get listeners to submit better reviews by interrupting their podcast experience with an in-app prompt to submit a rating.
That’s how the Apple Podcasts app went from a publicly embarrassing 1.8-star score all the way to 4.6 stars in a little over a month without any actual fixes, as developer and App Store watchdog Kosta Eleftheriou points out. And it’s still going up: according to AppFigures data, the app has been getting thousands of ratings every day since November 9th, with the vast, overwhelming majority of them issuing a 5-star score. 


How did “Apple Podcasts” suddenly go from 1.8 to 4.6 stars? Is Apple manipulating their own app ratings now? https://t.co/bSAr8sFKqQ pic.twitter.com/5kJKYd54VP— Kosta Eleftheriou (@keleftheriou) November 17, 2021



The app has made it to 4.7 stars overall as of this writing and is firmly the No. 1 App Store search result for “podcast.” It looks far more desirable to a new user than it might have before. 










AppFigures estimates 6,292 five-star ratings were submitted on November 17th alone.


If you think there’s a perfectly reasonable explanation for this, you might be right — it could definitely be that people who bother to submit reviews tend to be angry, and a lot of people who love Apple Podcasts and never bothered to look it up in the App Store (remember, it’s preinstalled!) are finally balancing things out. 
But do those people actually love Apple Podcasts? Because if you really look at the reviews, it seems like some funny business is going on. There are new, positive reviews, but they aren’t reviews of the Apple Podcasts app at all — they’re reviews of podcasts themselves. 


All the new positive reviews appear to be talking about specific podcasts, instead of the app: pic.twitter.com/HCo7WCcmH3— Kosta Eleftheriou (@keleftheriou) November 17, 2021



I kid you not — this is the top review for Apple Podcasts on the App Store: 










Apple deems this the “Most Helpful” review of its Podcasts app.
Screenshot by Sean Hollister / The Verge


Here are a few more of the “Most Recent” reviews of the Apple Podcasts app:

“Amazing show! Hilarious and well researched,” writes SammyAls, adding, “The dynamic is amazing, and the content is SO needed! Love this.”
“Mobley has Depth and Insight,” writes xbacksideslider. “Nice to listen to thoughtful and factual podcast. Far from the superficial emotional appeals to envy and self congratulating faux empathy that so dominate popular culture.”
“The table,” says Jkimble6091. “Being a future young millionaire listening to Anthony Oneal keeps me on track during all the ups and downs of life.”

I wondered if maybe this was a common confusion with podcast apps, where listeners think they’re reviewing a podcast instead of the app itself. But no, I didn’t see that obvious pattern when I checked reviews for other top podcast apps in the App Store. Almost every review on competing apps was a review of the apps themselves. 
“With iOS 15.1 released last month, Apple Podcasts began prompting listeners to leave a rating and review”
Apple confirmed to The Verge that it’s using a new prompt but claims it’s nothing out of the ordinary. “With iOS 15.1 released last month, Apple Podcasts began prompting listeners to leave a rating and review just like most third-party apps — using the standard Rating & Review prompt available to all developers,” wrote an Apple spokesperson who only agreed to comment if they were not named.
We weren’t able to track down a copy of the prompt ourselves to confirm when and where it appears or what it looks like — which seems important if people are getting confused — but it is indeed a standard feature of the App Store, one you can even turn off if you like under Settings > App Store > In-App Ratings & Reviews.
But intentional or not, standard or not, the problem with star scores is there’s no way to tell whether they’re legitimate. We don’t know if someone pressed a five-star button because they loved the app, or thought they were rating the podcast itself, or just wanted to close the prompt as quickly as possible. We don’t know if Apple is prompting everyone, or just its most dedicated fans, or some other algorithmic subset that just happened to give it an advantage. Some bad actors reportedly even buy star scores for their egregious App Store scams, and it’s impossible for most App Store shoppers to tell. We’ve even seen an iOS app that refuses to open unless you give it a good score.
These are the reasons why I suggested that Apple should lead the industry by killing off star ratings for good, among other things it could do to prove it puts people ahead of profits in the App Store.
But with Apple Podcasts, the company is using the same broken star score system that uplifts scammers for its own benefit as well. And it’s a crystal clear example of why you can’t trust star scores — because everyone knows this was a 1.8-star app just last month with many valid lingering complaints, and nothing’s fundamentally changed. It’s the exact same app today as it was then. 


    Related
  
How small developers compete with the defaults on your phone
Eight things Apple could do to prove it actually cares about App Store users
Apple’s $64 billion-a-year App Store isn’t catching the most egregious scams




A new investigation from Wired describes a shocking lack of concern for customer data at e-commerce giant Amazon, where employees took advantage of the faulty system to look up celebrities’ purchases, among other breaches. It seems that despite Amazon’s professed customer-first mentality, company officials failed to prioritize securing its customers’ most personal information. Customer purchase histories were available to Amazon’s global customer service team, with little security or supervision to prevent the employees’ snooping. 
One former service rep, who requested anonymity, said he remembered colleagues looking up the purchases of Kanye West and movie stars from the Avengers films, even scoping out a few dildos in a particular celebrity’s purchase log. Other staffers recalled coworkers looking up exes and girlfriends or boyfriends. “Everybody, everybody did it,” a former customer service manager says. They weren’t supposed to, of course.
Eventually, accusations of employees viewing seller data to develop Amazon’s own products prompted questions about the company’s integrity. During an antitrust hearing in 2020, former Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos insisted that employees don’t access that data but said he couldn’t guarantee that the policy prohibiting employees from doing so wasn’t violated. 
Wired’s investigation is a deep dive that demonstrates how your data can be at risk if a massive company mismanages internal access to it or carelessly leaves it open to outsiders. Though Amazon is often ranked one of the most trusted companies in the world, this Wired story calls into question whether it’s worthy of that trust from its customers. 


    Related
  
Amazon Basics ripped off accessories, now Amazon is coming for gadgets 



NZXT has introduced an interesting pre-built PC for the age of the graphics card shortage — one that’s powered by a Ryzen 5600G, a CPU with a built-in GPU that can reasonably be used for gaming. While, in normal circumstances, NZXT’s $800 Foundation PC might not be the first pick for those looking to get into PC gaming, the low availability and inflated prices of dedicated GPUs (and machines that include them) make it an interesting option for budget-minded buyers.
The AMD processor / graphics card combo is the centerpiece of the build, but its other specs are also respectable: it comes with a 500GB NVMe SSD and 16GB of RAM. And while its 650W Bronze power supply won’t be winning any efficiency awards, it should be able to power something like an RTX 3060 if you’re able to get your hands on one in the future.










NZXT says the machine should get reasonable frame rates at 1080p medium.


Of course, having a dedicated GPU would be preferable for almost any gaming scenario, which is why most vendors include one — even the GTX 1650 included with the lowest-end HP Omen can outperform the 5600G’s graphics. 
If you’re shopping for one of those models, though, you’ll likely have competition — they can be a gold mine for scalpers, who will sometimes “shuck” a valuable GPU from a pre-built and sell the card and now-GPU-less PC separately (the $900 Omen’s Nvidia 1650 could sell for upwards of $300 by itself on eBay). You don’t have to search for gaming PCs on eBay for very long before you run into listings for pre-builts with “NO GPU” or “without graphics card” in the title. 
If you’re adventurous and know what to look for, you could potentially find a decent deal by buying one of those scalper leftovers. While the integrated graphics on modern Intel CPUs don’t match the power of the 5600G, they will let you at least use your computer until you can find a GPU. I was able to find at least a few shucked computers in the $500 to $600 range that would likely perform better than the Foundation once both were equipped with a dedicated GPU. Whether you want to support someone who likely scalped a GPU or not is really up to you — though if you do go this route, do keep in mind that the only desktop Ryzen CPUs that can be used without a dedicated graphics card are actually APUs that have a G at the end of the model name.
The Foundation’s selling point may be that you can actually buy it
Since you can’t separate the 5600G’s graphics card and sell it for a markup, the Foundation may not be as enticing to scalpers, potentially preventing it from winding up constantly out-of-stock like many of NZXT’s other pre-builts.










The state of NZXT’s other PCs.


Some manufacturers can at least mitigate concerns of scalpers snapping up their pre-builts by giving base models low-end GPUs that aren’t particularly desirable — iBuyPower’s AMD Ryzen 3rd Gen Starter PC, for instance, comes stock with a Ryzen 3600 and an Nvidia GTX 1030 (which Tom’s Hardware says is a tad slower than the 5600G’s integrated graphics for most games). But that configuration is almost $300 more than the NZXT, and the CPU is going to be slower — iBuyPower will let you upgrade to a 5600G, but then your 1030 would be next to useless. 
If the 5600G’s relative uselessness to scalpers helps NZXT keep the Foundation in stock, it could be a good choice for those who don’t want to build their own PCs but who would be comfortable slotting in a graphics card at some point in the future when they’re more readily attainable again. Hopefully, it could inspire other vendors, too — while some will currently let you equip the 5600G alongside an external graphics card, that configuration likely won’t be worth fighting scalpers for.

It turns out the way to beat the collective will of the internet’s cryptocurrency fans is to have way, way more money than them. Ken Griffin, the CEO and founder of Citadel, has revealed himself as the winner of last night’s $43.2 million auction for a rare copy of the US Constitution. A collective of crypto enthusiasts, calling themselves ConstitutionDAO, managed to raise $47 million in about a week’s time in a quixotic attempt to win the document themselves and put it on display to the public for free.
While the DAO didn’t win, they did manage to push the price up on Griffin, with the two parties slowly going back and forth million by million during the auction last night, each seemingly uncertain if they would be able to go a million higher with every passing bid. Finally, ConstitutionDAO threw in the towel, telling supporters they wouldn’t have had enough remaining money to “insure, store, and transport the document.”
“This copy of our Constitution will be available for all Americans and visitors to view”
Griffin seems to be aware that a collective of 17,000 people will be pretty unhappy with him, so, perhaps not-so-coincidentally, he’s committing to roughly the same goals that they laid out for the document had they won the auction. “I intend to ensure that this copy of our Constitution will be available for all Americans and visitors to view and appreciate in our museums and other public spaces,” he said in a statement. That’ll start with the Crystal Bridges Museum of American Art in Bentonville, Arkansas, which has free admission.
Citadel is one of the largest hedge funds in the world, and Forbes ranks him fourth on their list of wealthiest hedge fund managers, with a net worth of $16.1 billion. His win at the auction may only further frustrate the internet-first finance crowd, some of whom are skeptical of Griffin’s other company, Citadel Securities, because it pays Robinhood to execute its users’ trading orders. Just this week, a federal judge dismissed a lawsuit alleging that Robinhood and Citadel Securities colluded to freeze trading during the GameStonk explosion in early 2021.
After losing the bid, ConstitutionDAO is essentially dissolving and plans to return all funds raised to contributors, minus transaction fees. The group’s organizers say “this wasn’t the outcome we hoped for,” but they were “still in shock that we even got this far.”
Correction November 19th, 6:10PM ET: Griffin is the majority owner of both Citadel and Citadel Securities, but the two companies operate independently, according to a Citadel Securities spokesperson. This story originally stated Citadel Securities was a subsidiary of Citadel.

A year ago, the next generation of console gaming was supposed to have arrived. The Xbox Series X (and Series S) and PlayStation 5 strode boldly onto the scene, with massive chassis and even bigger promises of games with better graphics, shorter loading times, and revolutionary new breakthroughs.
But a year in, and that next generation of gaming has yet to arrive. There are still too few consoles, and more importantly, too few games that truly take advantage of them, leaving the first year of the PS5 and Xbox Series X more of a beta test for the lucky few who have been able to get ahold of one, rather than the proper start of a new era of gaming.


What is a next-gen game?
There’s no formal definition of what makes a game “next-gen.” But I’m choosing to define it here as a game that can’t have existed as an Xbox One or PlayStation 4 title. Games like Ratchet and Clank: A Rift Apart or Microsoft Flight Simulator, which push the boundaries of graphics and SSD load times to the point where they can’t have existed in the same way on an older consoles. 
In short, they’re games that in some way rely on the hardware of a new console enough to help justify the outlying cost of a new machine compared to its predecessor. 


A complicated mess of factors have led to the next-gen bottleneck. The physical consoles themselves are still nigh-impossible to buy, which naturally limits the number of customers who own them and can buy games for them. That in turn means that there’s little incentive for developers to aim for exclusive next-gen titles that truly harness the power of the PS5 or Xbox Series X. Why limit yourself (and your sales) to the handful of next-gen console owners when there are millions of Xbox One and PS4 customers to whom you can sell copies of games? 
Adding to the mess has been the fact that industry-wide delays (many of which are due to similar pandemic-related issues as the broader supply chain problems) have also seen tons of next-gen optimized or exclusive games moved out to 2022 and beyond. Meaning even if you can get ahold of a console, there are still relatively few blockbuster titles to actually play on them. 
Even if you can get ahold of a console, there are still too few next-gen games
With the exception of a handful of true next-gen exclusives, like Ratchet & Clank: Rift Apart, Returnal, or Microsoft Flight Simulator, virtually every big “next-gen” release has been available on older consoles and PC. Assassin’s Creed: Valhalla was on Xbox One and PS4, as was Call of Duty: Vanguard, Battlefield 2042, and Marvel’s Guardians of the Galaxy. 
And that’s a trend that’s set to continue for the foreseeable future: Halo Infinite and Forza Horizon 5 are playable on an original Xbox One from 2013 right alongside the cutting-edge Xbox Series X; a first-generation PlayStation 4 from almost a decade ago will get the same Horizon Forbidden West and God of War Ragnarok games as an impossible-to-find PS5. Microsoft has already pledged to aim for concurrent Xbox releases on its first-party games. And most Sony first-party games have been a successive series of reading the fine print after each announcement, only to discover that they weren’t PS5-exclusive titles that would actually take advantage of the processing power and SSD speeds. 










Image: Sony


It’s no wonder that on Sony’s list of the most-played PS5 games from the console’s first year, just a single title — Demon’s Souls— is a true PS5 exclusive. And that’s a remake of a PS3 game from 2009.
To be clear, there are always transition periods. A year into the Xbox 360’s and PS4’s lifes pan, and there were still plenty of major cross-platform titles. Huge titles like Dragon Age: Inquisition, Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare, Forza Horizon 2, Grand Theft Auto V, Dark Souls II, and Destiny all tried to cross the generational divide. Not all those ports were effective — Middle-earth: Shadow of Mordor, for example, had an infamously watered down version of the Xbox One / PS4 game, a hint that developers were already starting to hit the wall of what the older consoles could do. 
But there were also already big, next-gen-only games that were taking advantage of the extra power of the new hardware, games like inFamous: Second Son and its neon-particle-fueled powers, or Sunset Overdrive’s hordes of soda zombies. And even some big third-party titles were starting to embrace the newer consoles, like the Xbox One and PS4-only Assassin’s Creed Unity. 
It’s not necessarily a bad thing that new games are available to a broader audience, either. But much like we saw in the last generational transition, when a game in 2021 has to be built to take into account the finest hardware that 2013 had to offer, those games are going to be held back in tangible ways. Horizon Zero Dawn’s dev team has already been frank about how memory streaming limits impacted how freely the game’s mechanical prehistoric creatures could roam or interact with each other. It’s the kind of feature that the PS5’s ultra-fast hardware should theoretically solve. But with Horizon Forbidden West now set to launch on both Sony’s current-gen and next-gen consoles, it’s not clear that the sequel will be able to offer that kind of functionality, either. (Game director Mathijs de Jonge claims that they “didn’t really think about hardware limitations” in an interview with Singapore News Live.) 










Cross-generational games are going to be held back in tangible ways
The same might be true of Halo Infinite’s semi-open world: how much of the virtual walls that divide up Zeta Halo into discrete playing areas in the upcoming game are design choices, and how many are due to the eight-year-old hardware that Microsoft is trying to support?
Even the consoles themselves have taken some time to work through growing pains: both Sony and Microsoft have had to make multiple updates to smooth out the rough edges of their software, and basic features, like the Xbox Series X’s 4K dashboard or the PS5’s option to add additional storage, are only just now becoming available. If you’re just picking up an Xbox Series X or PS5 a year in, you managed to miss out on a lot of software awkwardness of the past year. 
The delays actually work in Sony’s and Microsoft’s favor in some ways here: these kinds of early issues are common for new consoles, and the supply issues mean that there’s more time to sort a lot of them out before the majority of gamers get ahold of them. And even if the next-gen experiences aren’t quite here yet, there are still good reasons to pick one up, whether it’s just futureproofing or the fact that they do offer some nice perks in making old games look and play better. Load times are faster in games that have been optimized for the PS5 and Xbox SSDs, and games do look nicer, with bonus ray-tracing perks, more consistent 4K gameplay, and faster frame rates. 


I’ve been thinking a lot about the inflection point wherein “next-gen” consoles just become “current-gen” tech. The transition point where the Xbox Series X and PlayStation 5 are the defaults, and the unannounced PlayStation 6 and whatever the Series X’s successor will be called take over the “next-gen” title. 
I’ve come up with a few definitions: when the majority of games released by major publishers can’t be played on older consoles. When the cookie cutter annual releases like Call of Duty, FIFA, or Madden are exclusive to the PS5 or XSX. When you can walk into a Best Buy or Walmart and walk out with a console without fighting an epic duel to the death in the gaming aisle. 


It’s all but guaranteed that the PS5 and XSX will eventually get to the point where there are real, compelling reasons to pick one up over a current-gen console beyond faster frame rates or ray tracing on the same games. But where things stand now, the two consoles are just extremely pricey performance mode unlocks for games that you can already play on a console you already own; the experiences they offer now are still closer to a souped-up PS4 Pro or Xbox One X than the true leaps of which they’re capable. 
It’s certainly frustrating that over a year in, it’s nigh-impossible to just walk into a store and buy a PS5 or Xbox. And if you don’t have a PlayStation or Xbox already, it’s an especially problematic limbo, given the fact that buying any flavor of Xbox One or PlayStation 4 at the nadir of its time in the spotlight feels foolish. But for the millions of folks who do own a previous-gen console, you’re still not missing out on much yet while you’re stuck endlessly waiting for a PS5 or XSX to appear. 

Ford no longer plans to make an electric vehicle with EV startup Rivian, CEO Jim Farley tells Automotive News. The Detroit automaker originally announced it wanted to make a Rivian-powered EV in 2019 when it made its first investment of $500 million into the startup. Ford and Rivian already canceled a vehicle they planned to make for the Lincoln luxury brand in 2020.
One reason Farley gave for canceling the EV collaboration was the complexity of combining Rivian’s electric architecture with Ford’s own software.
“When you compare today with when we originally made that investment, so much has changed: about our ability, about the brand’s direction in both cases, and now it’s more certain to us what we have to do,” Farley said. “We want to invest in Rivian — we love their future as a company — but at this point, we’re going to develop our own vehicles.”
“so much has changed”
The decision to cancel the EV was mutual, according to Rivian. “As Ford has scaled its own EV strategy and demand for Rivian vehicles has grown, we’ve mutually decided to focus on our own projects and deliveries,” Miranda Jimenez, a spokesperson for Rivian, said in a statement provided to The Verge. “Our relationship with Ford is an important part of our journey, and Ford remains an investor and ally on our shared path to an electrified future.”
Ford made its initial investment in Rivian seven months before it revealed the Mustang Mach-E, and just over two years before it revealed the F-150 Lightning. But it has found remarkable early success with those EVs. It has already made more than the 50,000 it planned to build in 2021, the first full year of Mustang Mach-E production, and is nearing 200,000 deposits for the F-150 Lightning. 
Farley also told Automotive News this week that Ford plans to double the number of EVs it will build globally by the end of 2023 to 600,000. In September, Ford announced plans to build two new battery factories in Kentucky and a “mega campus” in Tennessee that will build batteries and electric vehicles.
Rivian, meanwhile, certainly has its hands full. It just started shipping its R1T electric pickup trucks, is aiming to ship its R1S electric SUVs by the end of the year, and is also working on electric delivery vans for Amazon — which is also heavily invested in the startup. The startup recently went public in one of the biggest IPOs ever, raising some $12 billion in the process. As a result, Ford’s 12 percent stake in Rivian is now worth more than $10 billion.
Ford helped Rivian get to that point, as was recently revealed in the startup’s stock exchange filings. Ford built the body-in-whites for Rivian’s prototypes — the skeletal frame that rides on the chassis — and agreed to supply “certain vehicle components... including related engineering work and tooling” for the entire lineup of R1 vehicles.
 

Apple’s newly announced Self Service Repair program, set to launch in early 2022, will finally provide individual customers access to genuine Apple OEM parts and manuals for DIY iPhone (and eventually Mac) repairs. Although this program has limitations, and there are many lingering questions about how it will be implemented, it is an opportunity for Apple to improve relationships with its customers by making repairs easier. If Apple prices the parts right, the program could also be a way for motivated customers to save money on repairs by going DIY while allowing independent repair shops to remain competitive.
Until now, access to factory OEM parts for iPhones and Macs has been restricted to several Apple-blessed places, including Apple Authorized Service Providers (AASP), Apple Stores, and Apple Independent Repair Providers (IRP), a program that allows independent shops to gain access to genuine Apple parts, tools, and training guides for common out-of-warranty Mac and iPhone repairs. Apple’s new self-service program — just like the IRP program — is focused only on screen, battery, and camera repairs when it comes to iPhones.
Apple plans to become the main resource for individuals looking for access to parts and manuals — promising “more than 200 individual parts and tools” for iPhone 12 and 13 models early next year. While that number sounds high given that the self-service program will launch with parts for just two models of iPhones, Kevin Purdy, a writer for online repair guide site iFixit, found it believable. Apple, he says, could sell various adhesives, specialty tools, individual screws, custom presses, electrostatic discharge mats, and much more. 










This illustration from an Apple press release depicts at least 10 parts and tools for a single repair coming out of one shipping box.
Image: Apple


These parts are already available to Apple service providers, and the prices are pretty high because the devices are so new. Apple itself charges customers $279 to repair the screen of an iPhone 12 or iPhone 13 Pro. According to iFixit, members of Apple’s IRP program pay about $270 to stock up on these screens (nearly the same as what Apple charges for the repair). However, the out-of-pocket cost for IRP members is reduced to $235 if the old part is sent back, according to iFixit. 
This removes a big barrier for Apple in the path to legislation
While Apple says that individuals using the Self Service Repair program will receive a credit back for the old part, it’s not clear how much money you can save by taking this path, and Apple didn’t respond to The Verge’s request for comment on the matter. In my experience as a former employee of Apple, I recall that it was also Apple Store policy to not allow customers to take back old parts from the repairs we did for them (including bad hard drives from Macs). Based on how important bad part returns seem to Apple, whatever credit Apple will offer to customers using the self-service program could be significant enough to motivate old part returns.
In the Ron Johnson era of Apple retail, I worked as a Genius repairing many Macs and early-model iPhones in an Apple retail store. While many of the repairs were expensive on paper, our employee training specifically taught us to provide some repairs for free to promote customer satisfaction, as long as devices didn’t show signs of abuse. Those policies tightened noticeably after Johnson’s departure in 2011, with John Browett taking over as SVP of Apple retail and focusing on cutting costs. That same year, Apple also introduced the AppleCare Plus service plan add-on for iPhones, in which accidental damage is covered after paying a $49 service fee. Despite the changes, other former employees have talked about how Apple’s push to “surprise and delight” customers can still lead to customers getting free in-store repairs. Whether that will change in the era of self-service is unclear.
The hope is that this will be enough to empower more DIY
Normally, you could save money by buying aftermarket parts, but right now, aftermarket OLED screens for an iPhone 12 range from $279.99 (iFixit) for just the part to $329.99 (Amazon) for a full kit, which is a heavy cost. Going aftermarket also adds the risk that quality might not be as good as factory OEM pieces, and some parts could lose functionality, such as Apple’s True Tone adaptive screen feature. In theory, customers could save money via Self Service Repair if Apple priced the parts comparable to what IRPs currently pay. However, then IRPs would lose out on business unless Apple offered them a further discount on parts compared with the self-service program.
Another potential way individuals might use the self-service program is to stock up on parts like independent shops in the IRP program can do. Apple might choose to differentiate the IRP program and the Self Service Repair program by not allowing individuals to stock up, however, making it harder for DIY folks trying to plan ahead for devices they’ll want to repair in the future. 

In general, it’s going to be people with older phones who are more likely to need a repair, and right now, Apple’s Self Service Repair program won’t help them. iFixit CEO Kyle Wiens notes that replacement batteries aren’t necessary for most customers until about a year and a half after the phone was purchased, when battery cells start depleting. While Wiens is overall excited about Apple’s announcement and direction, he believes that the self-service program is primarily Apple’s strategy for getting out in front of potential regulatory action from FTC and even pressure from its own shareholders over the right to repair. Apple has also been under scrutiny from lawmakers over its restrictive repair practices. 
Despite its limitations, there is hope that Apple’s new program will empower more DIY repair folks and perhaps give an opportunity to save some cash. And if a customer gets cold feet when the kit arrives, they might have another option: taking it to a local repair shop that doesn’t have access to genuine Apple parts. That shop could then charge a small fee and do the repair for them.

Rockstar has published a blog post apologizing for the rocky launch of Grand Theft Auto: The Trilogy — Definitive Edition, which packages together remastered versions GTA III, GTA: Vice City, and GTA: San Andreas. The company is promising a “Title Update” in the coming days that will “address a number of issues” and plans to make the original PC versions of the three games available as a bundle “shortly.”
“Firstly, we want to sincerely apologize to everyone who has encountered issues playing these games,” the company wrote in a post attributed only to Rockstar Games. “The Grand Theft Auto series — and the games that make up this iconic trilogy — are as special to us as we know they are to fans around the world. The updated versions of these classic games did not launch in a state that meets our own standards of quality, or the standards our fans have come to expect.”
“We have ongoing plans to address the technical issues and to improve each game going forward.”
In addition to the planned Title Update, Rockstar says it has “ongoing plans to address the technical issues and to improve each game going forward.” It didn’t specify or provide a timeline for when those updates might arrive. As for the rereleases of the classic versions of the games, PC players who already own or buy the The Trilogy by June 30th, 2022 will receive the bundle for free. Rockstar also didn’t say exactly when this bundle would be released.
Since The Trilogy’s November 11th launch, players have observed numerous bugs and issues, made many memes about the disappointing remastered visuals, and Rockstar removed the game from sale for a few days on PC to “remove files unintentionally included in these versions.” The whole saga has shades of the Cyberpunk 2077 launch fiasco, another highly anticipated title that launched with a lot of problems and spawned a lot of memes. While CD Projekt Red has released many updates that have addressed a lot of Cyberpunk 2077’s issues, we’ll have to wait to see if Rockstar can follow through with its promises to turn around The Trilogy.

We are seven days away from the actual Black Friday, but if you have been paying any mind to our ongoing coverage for this shopping season, you know there are excellent deals happening every dang day. We have all kinds of excellent early Black Friday deals, including some retailer and brand-specific roundups, and there’s still a whole lot more to come. For now, let’s take a quick peek at some select deals that just popped up today.
First off, Amazon’s latest version of its acclaimed Kindle Paperwhite — released just last month — is $45 off for the Kids version at Amazon and Best Buy. This is a killer deal on the new Paperwhite, complete with its better screen that adjusts color temperature and USB-C port. 
Since it is the kids version, it has no ads and comes bundled with a protective cover. There is no stipulation that you must buy this for a child, so don’t feel any shame in taking advantage of this yourself. It’s the tech deal equivalent of using your kid to get to the front of a busy line (reminder: Verge Deals does not condone taking parenting advice from Verge Deals.) Read our review of the new Kindle Paperwhite.


    Related
  
Win a mystery bag from The Verge jam-packed with free stuff


















Amazon Kindle Paperwhite Kids




                $115
              

                $160
              

                  29% off
                





Amazon’s kid-friendly Paperwhite is the same as the new base model, but it’s ad-free and comes with the added benefits of a two-year hardware protection plan, one year of Amazon Kids Plus, and a choice of three kid-friendly covers. 







              $115
              

at Amazon
            





              $115
              

at Best Buy
            





If you have too much shame or prefer an even more budget-friendly e-reader, the most affordable Kindle from 2019 is $40 off at Amazon and Best Buy — just $50 for the ad-supported version or $70 without ads. Kindle prices don’t get any cheaper than this — reaching near-stocking stuffer territory — and though it’s a slightly older model, it still offers that glare-free e-ink screen experience that you only have to remember to charge every few weeks. Read our review.

















Amazon Kindle (2019)




                $50
              

                $90
              

                  45% off
                





Amazon’s most affordable e-reader that now includes a front light for the display. The tablet also offers support for Bluetooth headphones and is a little more comfortable to hold than its predecessor. Read our review.







              $50
              

at Amazon (with ads, white)
            





              $70
              

at Amazon (without ads)
            





Sticking to the Amazon front for a moment, the retail giant is offering discounts on several Echo Show devices. One of the most notable is the 2021 model Echo Show 5, which is perfect as a bedside display for smart alarms or easy connection to a Ring Doorbell live feed. The compact smart display is normally $85 but is currently discounted to just $45 at Amazon and Best Buy. 
Amazon also has its Kids Edition of the Echo Show 5 discounted to $50 today. It comes with a year of Kids Plus subscription for customizing its function to better suit your child’s age. Read our review of both models.

















Amazon Echo Show 5 (2021, second-gen)




                $45
              

                $85
              

                  48% off
                





Amazon’s Echo Show 5 is an ideal smart display for a nightstand. You can set alarms with Alexa using your voice, play music, control smart displays, get a weather report, and more. When the alarm goes off, you merely need to tap the top of the Echo Show 5 to snooze it.







              $45
              

at Best Buy
            





              $45
              

at Amazon
            






















Amazon Echo Show 5 Kids Edition




                $50
              

                $95
              

                  48% off
                





The Echo Show 5 Kids Edition is exactly that: a second-gen Echo Show 5 with a colorful design, a two-year warranty, and a year of Amazon Kids Plus, granting your child access to a robust assortment of kid-friendly content.







              $50
              

at Amazon
            





              $95
              

at Best Buy
            





There are great deals on OnePlus phones across its entry-level, premium, and flagship options. The Nord N200 5G was already a great value proposition, but now you can get it for just $200 ($40 off) at Amazon and Best Buy. That’s a whole lot of smartphone chops for two Benjamins. Read our review.

















OnePlus Nord N200 5G




                $200
              

                $240
              

                  17% off
                





The OnePlus Nord N200 offers a 6.49-inch Full-HD display with 90Hz refresh rate and a large 5,000mAh battery with fast charging for very low, entry-level prices.







              $200
              

at Best Buy
            





              $200
              

at Amazon
            





Stepping up to the more premium option, the OnePlus 9 is now just $600 at Best Buy and Amazon. That’s a discount of $130, bringing the Snapdragon 888-equipped smartphone onto more competitive footing with the Pixel 6. The new Pixels might have bested OnePlus in our latest guide on The Best Phone to Buy Right Now, but this sale price makes a OnePlus 9 more worthy of consideration. Read our review.

















OnePlus 9




                $600
              

                $730
              

                  18% off
                





The OnePlus 9 is a strong option in the premium midrange class, with a 6.55-inch 120Hz display, Hasselblad-branded triple camera system, and Snapdragon 888 processor. 







              $600
              

at Best Buy
            





              $600
              

at Amazon
            





Finally, this biggest OnePlus sale is reserved for its biggest phone. The ultra-flagship OnePlus 9 Pro is currently $269 off at Best Buy and Amazon. This undercuts the hard-to-get Pixel 6 Pro by $100, and you get some of the fastest wired charging around. That’s a bit of a pain point right now for the newest Pixels. Read our review.

















OnePlus 9 Pro




                $800
              

                $1,069
              

                  26% off
                





The OnePlus 9 Pro is the latest flagship phone from OnePlus. It features a 6.7-inch QHD+ display, an adaptive refresh rate of 120Hz, and a Qualcomm Snapdragon 888 processor. 







              $800
              

at Best Buy
            





              $800
              

at Amazon
            





In the world of tablets and accessories, Brydge makes all kinds of helpful add-ons. Just today, Brydge has extended a 20 percent discount on most of its tablet keyboards and MacBook vertical docks, and many of these deals can be found at Amazon and Best Buy.
Some key highlights from the Brydge line include the 10.2 Max Plus and Vertical Dock for the 13-inch MacBook Air. The Brydge 10.2 Max Plus is a keyboard, trackpad, and protective case for base-model iPads. It is currently $30 off at Best Buy and Amazon, hitting a new all-time low.

















Brydge 10.2 Max Plus for base-model iPads




                $100
              

                $130
              

                  24% off
                





This Brydge 10.2 Max Plus offers a keyboard and a multitouch trackpad so you can get more out of a seventh-gen through ninth-gen iPad. It protects your tablet from all angles, and its battery is claimed to last up to six months each charge.







              $100
              

at Best Buy
            





              $100
              

at Amazon
            





Brydge’s Vertical Docking Station for recent MacBook Air laptops is $40 off at Amazon and Best Buy, allowing you to better optimize the real estate on your desk for $130 instead of the usual $170.

















Brydge Vertical Dock for 13-inch MacBook Air (2018-2020)




                $130
              

                $170
              

                  24% off
                





The Brydge Vertical Dock frees up space on your desk and offers two Thunderbolt 3 ports for connecting to an external monitor and power adapter.







              $130
              

at Amazon
            





              $130
              

at Best Buy
            





Lastly, have you played Deathloop yet? No? Well, now it’s just $25 at GameStop for a brand-new physical copy on PS5, so the excuses are getting few and far between. We didn’t think the hot pick for many critics’ game-of-the-year was going to get cheaper than the recently discounted price of $40, but here we are with a new all-time low that is hard to pass up. Read our review.

















Deathloop (PS5, physical version)




                $25
              

                $60
              

                  59% off
                





The latest first-person shooter from Arkane Studios is its most stylish yet. Deathloop is a run-based game, and ironically, you play a Colt, someone who’s keen on breaking the game’s looping cycle. Though, there are forces working against you that definitely don’t want you to do that for reasons you’ll discover as you play.







              $25
              

at GameStop
            





              $30
              

at Amazon
            












        Sign up for the
        
          newsletter
        
      
      Verge Deals
    
Subscribe to get the best Verge-approved tech deals of the week.






Just one more thing!
Please confirm your subscription to Verge Deals via the verification email we just sent you.




Email (required)






        By signing up, you agree to our Privacy Notice and European users agree to the data transfer policy.
        
      
Subscribe




Correction November 19, 2:18PM ET: An earlier version of this story said that the Amazon Kindle Paperwhite Kids Edition (2021) has wireless charging. It does not. That is a feature of the Kindle Paperwhite Signature Edition (2021). We regret the error.

Halo Infinite’s co-op campaign and Forge mode, which won’t be in the game when it officially releases on December 8th, are going to launch even later than previously expected. In an interview with Eurogamer, Halo Infinite head of creative Joseph Staten reiterated that campaign co-op would launch with season 2, but since season 1 was extended by three months to May 2022 this week, that means the second season is at least half a year away.
Forge is still set to launch with season 3, according to Staten, but we don’t know when that might arrive. And those timelines are still only goals; things may change if other priorities come up, Staten says.
Here’s Staten own words on the matter, from Eurogamer’s interview:
So our goal still remains what I said before, which is to ship campaign co-op with Season 2 and Forge with Season 3. But those remain goals. Those remain targets. And we can’t commit to any hard dates right now, because as we’re seeing with this multiplayer beta, other things might move up in the priority stack for us. If it turns out that our progression system just isn’t working the way that we intended, if we need to move some of these bigger rocks that I talked about sooner then we as a team will make those decisions and will clearly communicate to our fans why we’re why we’re doing certain things.
Halo Infinite’s co-op campaign is “playable now,” Staten says, but the development team wants to take the extra time to make sure it’s stable and works well. The current single-player-only campaign, which itself was delayed, already sounds pretty darn good, so I’m hoping that the extra time for co-op will be worth the wait — even it means that I can’t run through Zeta Halo with a friend on December 8th.

A worker at Tesla’s factory in Fremont, California, is accusing the automaker of creating a hostile work environment where sexual harassment was “rampant.” As first reported by The Washington Post, Jessica Barraza, who was hired as a production associate in 2018, said in a lawsuit filed this week that she was subjected to constant harassment at the factory, including catcalling and inappropriate physical touching. 
“Nearly every day for three years, my female coworkers and I were objectified, threatened, touched, and propositioned on the factory floor,” Barraza said in a statement emailed to The Verge. “I wanted to come to work, do my job, and support my family without having to endure constant sexual harassment. I felt degraded, humiliated and traumatized.”
The complaint filed in California Superior Court alleges that supervisors and managers at the Fremont plant not only were aware of a “pervasive culture of sexual harassment” that included sexist language and physical groping but participated in the ongoing abusive behavior. Barraza reported the issues to Tesla’s human resources department, which she says failed to protect her. 
The Fremont plant is where Tesla makes its Model S, Model 3, Model X, and Model Y electric vehicles. In October, the company was ordered to pay $137 million to a former contractor at the Fremont plant who alleged he was subjected to racial harassment as part of a hostile work environment. 
According to Barraza’s complaint, while walking to and from her workstation over the course of a workday, she heard comments from men remarking on her “coke bottle” figure and making comments about her body, including “fat ass” and “onion booty.” Male coworkers would “brush up against Ms. Barraza’s back-side (including with their groins) or unnecessarily touch her under the pretext of working together in close quarters,” the complaint alleges.
“Tesla’s factory floor more resembles a crude, archaic construction site or frat house than a cutting-edge company in the heart of the progressive San Francisco Bay Area”
In September, Barraza began having panic attacks. She is currently on a doctor-ordered medical leave from her job and is being treated for post-traumatic stress disorder and anxiety.
“Tesla’s factory floor more resembles a crude, archaic construction site or frat house than a cutting-edge company in the heart of the progressive San Francisco Bay Area,” the lawsuit states.
Lawsuits against Tesla are relatively rare in part because, as Barraza’s lawsuit notes, the company requires employees to sign arbitration agreements as a condition of employment, meaning the workers waive their right to a jury or court trial. 
But the Fremont factory has been identified in at least one other lawsuit as a “predator zone” of harassment. In 2017, now-former Tesla engineer AJ Vandermeyden sued Tesla for “unwanted and pervasive harassment,” alleging that she and other female employees were denied promotions and paid less than their male colleagues and faced retaliation when they reached out to human resources with their concerns. Vandermeyden was fired by Tesla a few months after taking her claims public.
Barraza’s lawsuit describes harassment, both verbal and physical, of other female employees as well. She told The Washington Post in an interview that the culture of harassment came straight from the top, citing a tweet by CEO Elon Musk joking about a school he wanted to start, which would have a crude acronym. Musk himself is not named in the lawsuit.
“That doesn’t set a good example for the factory — it almost gives it like an … ‘he’s tweeting about it, it has to be okay,’ ” Barraza told the Post. “It’s not fair to myself, to my family, to other women who are working there.”
Tesla did not respond to a request for comment from The Verge on Friday. The company dissolved its press office and rarely responds to media requests. Barraza is seeking compensation, including lost back pay, and an injunction to end harassment at the Fremont plant. Her attorneys also plan to file a claim under the California Private Attorneys General Act on behalf of Barraza and other women who allege they were harassed at the factory.
“Tesla is responsible for the systemic sexual harassment occurring in its factory,” Barraza’s attorney, David A. Lowe, said in a statement to The Verge. “We are bringing this case to put a stop to the harassment against Ms. Barraza and her colleagues.”

On November 19th, 2019, Google launched its Stadia cloud gaming service as a work in progress, and it’s arguably still one today. But one thing that’s consistently improved is the price of entry, and Google’s bringing it down even further to celebrate Stadia’s second birthday. 
You should now be able to purchase a Stadia Premiere Edition hardware kit with the Chromecast Ultra and Stadia Controller for just $22.22 or €22.22 in fourteen countries including the US and UK “while supplies last.” In the US, you’ll also be able to get one for free when you purchase any $30 or higher game in the Stadia store until November 29th, though it now appears you’ll get that via a redemption code after your purchase and you may also need to pay shipping (terms and conditions here). Google says it’s launching a wide variety of deals on games there today, too. 
Google has given away a lot of hardware already
It’s not unusual for Google to practically give away Stadia hardware, mind you, and the Chromecast Ultra isn’t the company’s latest and greatest Stadia kit, but these still feel like the best deals yet. Previous get-free-hardware-with-your-game bundles required you to pay for a full-price $59.99 game. Besides, you can do more with a Chromecast than play games, and even Google’s most basic Chromecast still costs $20 on sale. For $22 or free with a moderately priced game, the Ultra is a pretty good deal, even if it doesn’t come with a TV remote like the newest model. It’s also the only Chromecast with a built-in ethernet port (in its power adapter).
Google says it now has more than 200 games in the Stadia store and has offered nearly half of them at one point or another in its paid Stadia Pro subscription over the past year. If you started subscribing to Pro in November 2020, and made sure to claim every game on offer, you’d likely have paid a little more than $100 for access to 91 different games. Google estimates it would have cost $2,000 to purchase that same game library. 
It’s not clear how long or how well Google will continue to support Stadia, now that its ambitions have lessened. Both Microsoft and Nvidia have recently upgraded the hardware powering their cloud gaming services, but Google hasn’t issued any kind of signal that it might follow suit, and most game publishers don’t seem very committed to the platform. (Google reportedly paid tens of millions of dollars per port in the early days, not exactly a sustainable strategy.)  
The company doesn’t have an updated roadmap for Stadia today, but it does say there’s more to come: 

What’s next for Stadia? Well, we’re eager to continue working on bringing the best games and new features to our community of players so that we can help build a bright future for cloud gaming. That means:
Continuing feature experiments with the goal of making it easier for players to get into games and try Stadia for themselves. We’re still learning from input provided by our community and appreciate all the constructive feedback!
Expanding all categories of games content - not just more games overall, but new types of games that we’ve heard players ask for, including genres like online action games, open world titles, plus free games, trials and demos. 
Bringing Stadia to more devices and making it easier to access, purchase, and play games by yourself or with friends.

Google’s most recent experiment has been free timed game trials. One of Stadia’s current strengths is that it’s extremely easy to try: all you really need is a Google account.


    Related
  
Hands-on: Nvidia’s GeForce Now just leapfrogged Google Stadia
Google Stadia’s director of games has left for Google Cloud








        Sign up for the
        
          newsletter
        
      
      Verge Deals
    
Subscribe to get the best Verge-approved tech deals of the week.






Just one more thing!
Please confirm your subscription to Verge Deals via the verification email we just sent you.




Email (required)






        By signing up, you agree to our Privacy Notice and European users agree to the data transfer policy.
        
      
Subscribe




Update, 1:53PM ET: Added that Google’s free-with-$30-game-purchase deal is a redeemable code you’ll get after the fact, and may require shipping fee. 
Correction: While we did write that the free hardware offer required a $30 game purchase, we also omitted that all-important “$30” part in one sentence. It erroneously read “free when you purchase any game”. We regret the error. 

Satellite trackers have been working overtime to figure out just how much dangerous debris Russia created when it destroyed one of its own satellites early Monday — and the picture they’ve painted looks bleak. Multiple visual simulations of Russia’s anti-satellite, or ASAT, test show a widespread cloud of debris that will likely menace other objects in orbit for years.
Early this week, Russia launched a missile that destroyed the country’s Kosmos 1408 satellite, a large spacecraft that orbited the Earth roughly 300 miles up. The breakup of the satellite created at least 1,500 pieces of trackable fragments, according to the US State Department, as well as thousands of smaller pieces that cannot be tracked. All of those pieces are still in low Earth orbit, moving at thousands of miles an hour and posing a threat to any objects that might cross their path. Initially, that even included the International Space Station, with crew members on board forced to take shelter in their spacecrafts as the debris cloud from the satellite passed by the ISS a couple of times.
The fragments appear like a dotted snake in orbit
It’s going to take weeks or even months to fully understand just how bad the situation is, but early visualizations of the ASAT test created by satellite trackers show an extensive trail of space debris left in the wake of the breakup. The fragments appear like a dotted snake in orbit, stretching out and moving in roughly the same direction that Kosmos 1408 used to move around Earth. And there’s one thing the visualizers agree on: this snake of debris isn’t going anywhere anytime soon. “There will be some potential collision risk to most satellites in [low Earth orbit] from the fragmentation of Cosmos 1408 over the next few years to decades,” LeoLabs, a private space tracking company in the US, wrote in a blog post.
Two visualizations created by the European Union’s Space Surveillance and Tracking (SST) network and space software company AGI reveal what likely happened in the first moment of impact when Russia’s missile intercepted Kosmos 1408. They both show how the debris cloud grew instantly and spread throughout space. AGI’s simulation also shows just how close the cloud comes to intersecting with the International Space Station, validating NASA’s concerns and the agency’s decision to have the astronauts shelter in place.


Update: this video represents a simulation of the initial dispersion of the fragments resulting from the reported #ASAT test. The event has increased the collision risk of spacecraft in the LEO regime registered to #EUSST, hence impacting the safety of EU #space infrastructure. pic.twitter.com/iA3zRKNqr1— EUSST (@EU_SST) November 18, 2021




Another visualization created by Hugh Lewis, a professor of engineering at the University of Southampton specializing in space debris, shows just how widely the debris from Kosmos 1408 has spread out in space. Lewis explains that when Russia’s missile hit the satellite, each of the fragments that were created got a little kick, sending them to higher and lower altitudes. Each piece is moving at a different speed depending on the height of its orbit.
“Even though they start all together, what’s happening is that the ones in the bigger orbits take longer to go around the Earth, and the ones in the smaller orbits take less time to go around the Earth,” Lewis tells The Verge. “So the ones that are lower seem to move ahead of the ones that are in the higher orbits. And that’s what stretches it out.”
Lewis says that the cloud will continue to morph over time. The debris fragments in the lower orbits will fall to Earth and out of orbit more quickly, while the ones in higher orbits will stay in space much longer.


Final visualisation for the moment: #Cosmos1408 #SpaceDebris cloud passing over the Atlantic. Quality is not great but should give you an impression of what it would be like to pass near the cloud (YouTube version: https://t.co/0xoljxmiEU) pic.twitter.com/9s0looT6IW— Hugh Lewis (@ProfHughLewis) November 18, 2021



For now, Lewis’ visualization relies on simulations based on where we think these pieces of debris might be, given the size of Kosmos 1408 and the physics of a missile striking a satellite. However, the visualization will become more realistic as real-world data from the test trickles in. US Space Command is responsible for tracking objects in space, but it has yet to make any of the tracks from the ASAT test available to the public.
Our best hope for tracking this material comes from a mixture of different sensors — from ground-based radar stations to optical telescopes. However, it’s probably going to be some time before even the most sophisticated trackers know where everything is. 
Meanwhile, LeoLabs wrote in a blog post that it has already calculated the paths for close to 300 fragments from the test, likely the biggest pieces from the breakup. The company notes that the objects in lower orbits should re-enter the Earth’s atmosphere and burn up with the next five years. However, the higher orbiting fragments could stay in orbit for decades. And as all of these satellites pieces decay in orbit over time, they will continue to pose a risk for the space station and other satellites. All it takes is just one collision with a fast-moving piece of debris to potentially knock out a functioning satellite. 
“This is not going to be a short-lived problem,” says Lewis. “It’s going to be affecting space operations for at least this decade and the next one.”

Every Friday, The Verge publishes our flagship podcast, The Vergecast, where co-hosts Nilay Patel and Dieter Bohn discuss the week in tech news with the reporters and editors covering the biggest stories.
We’ve got a well-rounded episode of The Vergecast today with everything from policy to space to consumer tech. 
In the first segment, Nilay and Dieter bring in Verge policy reporter Makena Kelly to talk about President Biden’s $1 trillion infrastructure package and what it can do to improve broadband access in the US.
In segment two, Verge senior science reporter Loren Grush joins the show to explain why Russia destroyed one of their own satellites with a ground-based missile and how it’s causing concern in the space community. 
Verge Managing editor Alex Cranz stops by in segment three to chat about Apple announcing that it will start selling manuals and tools for repairing certain iPhone and Mac products at home. 



Listen to the full discussion here or in your preferred podcast player. 
Stories referenced in this episode:

Biden signs $1 trillion infrastructure package into law
Biden’s FCC is still deadlocked, and net neutrality hangs in the balance
Biden’s pick for FDA chief works at Google
Russia blows up a satellite, creating a dangerous debris cloud in space
NASA delays ambitious human lunar landing to 2025
NASA’s Moon landing will likely be delayed ‘several years’ beyond 2024, auditors say
Blue Origin loses lawsuit against federal government over NASA’s human lunar lander contracts
SpaceX’s Starlink reveals new smaller, rectangular user dish to connect to satellites
Apple will sell you iPhone parts to fix your own phone at home
The shareholder fight that forced Apple’s hand on repair rights
Apple reportedly wants to launch a self-driving EV in 2025 with a custom chip
The Balmuda Phone is a compact Android phone from a high-end toaster company
Meta’s sci-fi haptic glove prototype lets you feel VR objects using air pockets
Sonos finally adds DTS audio support to its home theater lineup
Hyundai’s restomod Grandeur is the perfect EV for a supervillain
Google explains the tradeoffs that led to Pixel 6’s slow charging complaints
A look under the hood of the most successful streaming service on the planet
Meta goes into lockdown



The Vergecast
    The podcast you need to make sense of the week in tech news
  

Subscribe




What does Google’s parent company Alphabet want with robots? Well, it would like them to clean up around the office, for a start. 
The company announced today that its Everyday Robots Project — a team within its experimental X labs dedicated to creating “a general-purpose learning robot” — has moved some of its prototype machines out of the lab and into Google’s Bay Area campuses to carry out some light custodial tasks. 
“We are now operating a fleet of more than 100 robot prototypes that are autonomously performing a range of useful tasks around our offices,” said Everyday Robot’s chief robot officer Hans Peter Brøndmo in a blog post. “The same robot that sorts trash can now be equipped with a squeegee to wipe tables and use the same gripper that grasps cups can learn to open doors.”
These robots in question are essentially arms on wheels, with a multipurpose gripper on the end of a flexible arm attached to a central tower. There’s a “head” on top of the tower with cameras and sensors for machine vision and what looks like a spinning lidar unit on the side, presumably for navigation.








One of Alphabet’s Everyday Robot machines cleans the crumbs off a cafe table. 
Image: Alphabet


As Brøndmo indicates, these bots were first seen sorting out recycling when Alphabet debuted the Everyday Robot team in 2019. The big promise that’s being made by the company (as well as by many other startups and rivals) is that machine learning will finally enable robots to operate in “unstructured” environments like homes and offices. 
Right now, we’re very good at building machines that can carry out repetitive jobs in a factory, but we’re stumped when trying to get them to replicate simple tasks like cleaning up a kitchen or folding laundry. 
Think about it: you may have seen robots from Boston Dynamics performing backflips and dancing to The Rolling Stones, but have you ever seen one take out the trash? It’s because getting a machine to manipulate never-before-seen objects in a novel setting (something humans do every day) is extremely difficult. This is the problem Alphabet wants to solve. 








Unit 033 makes a bid for freedom. 
Image: Alphabet


Is it going to? Well, maybe one day — if company execs feel it’s worth burning through millions of dollars in research to achieve this goal. Certainly, though, humans are going to be cheaper and more efficient than robots for these jobs in the foreseeable future. The update today from Everyday Robot is neat, but it’s far from a leap forward. You can see from the GIFs that Alphabet shared of its robots that they’re still slow and awkward, carrying out tasks inexpertly and at a glacial pace. 
However, it’s still definitely something that the robots are being tested “in the wild” rather than in the lab. Compare Alphabet’s machines to Samsung’s Bot Handy, for example; a similar-looking tower-and-arm bot that the company showed off at CES last year, apparently pouring wine and loading a dishwasher. At least, Bot Handy looks like it’s performing these jobs, but really it was only carrying out a prearranged demo. Who knows how capable, if at all, this robot is in the real world? At least Alphabet is finding this out for itself. 

 As a young child, I was a dreamer. I wanted to be an astronaut, and despite living in a world that constantly reinforced that Black femmes would hardly walk the moon, my family encouraged me to be driven and reach for the stars — literally. My father fed my imaginative spirit by giving me books on the Solar System and inspiring me to foster a deep love for the futuristic sounds of George Clinton, Parliament-Funkadelic, and jazz music. 
Around this time, my cousin Elliott and I would play video games and stay up late to watch anime. The one that stuck with me the most was Cowboy Bebop, a 1998 neo-noir space Western that takes place in 2071. The series, which is directed by Shinichirō Watanabe, follows Spike Spiegel and his “crew” of bounty hunters, who are colloquially referred to as cowboys, while simultaneously giving us snapshots of each principal character’s storyline over a backdrop of jazz music. I instantly fell in love with the anime’s aesthetic and tone, a love that would extend well into my adulthood, inspiring me to get a tattoo and sing praises of this great body of work time and time again. 
Looking back on my roots, I not only recognize how crucial Cowboy Bebop was in strengthening my interest and appreciation for anime, but it also bridged the gap between honoring Black music, my budding interest in space, and deepening my relationship with anime and Japanese culture. 
Even though the main characters of this series are not Black, the music, style, and themes of it resonate with me and feel reminiscent of, and even parallel to, my experience as a Black person. As an adult, I realized that Cowboy Bebop was heavily influenced by the intersections of science fiction and Black culture, or Afrofuturism. 


    Related
  
Review: Netflix’s Cowboy Bebop has heart, style, and some rough edges

 









Image: Geoffrey Short / Netflix



Although the concept has a plethora of definitions, according to Susana Morris, an associate professor of literature, media, and communication at the Georgia Institute of Technology, Afrofuturism is “a cultural movement, an epistemology that centers Blackness and African diasporic culture and technology.” Its US origins date back to the late 19th century and extend well into the 20th century, where important figures such as W.E.B. Du Bois and Octavia Butler penned works that intentionally centered Blackness and characters in science fiction, and musicians like Herbie Hancock and Sun Ra blended the sounds of rock, jazz, and funk into the soundtrack for these stories. While a major component of Afrofuturism rests on the intersections of the African diaspora and science, there is a deeper connective tissue that transcends all space and time — the creation of a future that is established by and for all Black people. 
According to Iwani Mawocha, a voice actor and model who majored in Afrofuturism, the parallels between Afrofuturism and Cowboy Bebop can be understood through examining the concept of time. “While many people tend to view time as linear or spiralling, many Afrofuturists posit that time is in fact an intricate web, marked by spirals and spokes with no singular direction,” she says. “Ytasha Womack explains how Afrofuturism seamlessly meshes past, present, and future, so that they occur all at the same time. In Cowboy Bebop, the past, present, and future are all experienced at once. Although they are in the future in outer space, many of the terrestrial places are in various stages of history. Cities on Earth look a lot like they do now, though far more dilapidated in many places.”
You can see the influence of Black music right from the title which references bebop, described by Yonn — a fan and cosplayer — as “a form of jazz that’s very high tempo and ‘scattered,’” that was known for musicians’ improvisational “jam sessions.” The historical essence of bebop and its extensions are also manifested in the titles of each of the episodes, known as sessions, which are named after songs and other cultural references. Composed and arranged by Yoko Kanno, the music was an iconic feature that reeled many Black anime lovers in. According to content creator and former musician Brandon Stewart, the score was not only beautifully crafted but also added so much nuance and color to their viewing experience. 
“The score of Cowboy Bebop is absolutely incredible,” says Stewart. “If it weren’t for the use [of] Black music, Spike Spiegel wouldn’t feel as cool. He is literally the personification of the freedom, suaveness, creativity, adaptability and spirit of jazz.” Stewart also notes that the music and the series were a part of a larger movement that rekindled an interest in jazz music in upcoming generations, giving rise to artists such as Robert Glasper and Masego.  
 









Image: Nicola Dove / Netflix



Building a better world and existence for Black people and other principles of Afrofuturism cannot be achieved without first acknowledging the importance, inclusion, and need for representation of all Black people. The vast majority of esteemed creative works in sci-fi are by white people with depictions devoid of Blackness, which feeds into an insidious and anti-Black implication that Black people are not included nor present in a fictional or foreseeable future. Afrofuturism is a direct response to this false narrative. “It posits that Blackness and Black people are vital to the continuation of humanity,” Morris tells The Verge.
Developing our future includes understanding the tragedies of our past and how they take shape in the blueprint of what lies ahead. In the case of Cowboy Bebop, this concept is evident through the main characters’ relationships with their past traumas and how they are a catalyst for redefining their present and next steps. 
“So much of Cowboy Bebop’s substance comes from the characters’ pasts. They each end up having to face what they’ve been suppressing, or in Faye’s case, actively running from. But not everyone makes that decision to heal. We see Jet with a prosthetic arm that the day’s technology could’ve replaced with a real one, but he chose to hold onto that artifact from his past,” says Iyaniwura, a visual artist and cosbeat creator. 
Blackness and Black culture are depicted in the series in a way that honors famous Black cultural icons. Briauna Kilgore, a social media specialist at Black Girls Anime, feels that “this anime is not only influenced and connected to Black culture but pays homage and gives a great tribute to Black culture.” “One example is the character Coffee in the ‘Mushroom Samba’ session. This character was clearly inspired by the beautiful and talented Pam Grier! Not only is this legendary actress gorgeous but she was also the first woman action star in the 1970’s for her starring roles. Her role in the film Coffy is what inspired this character.” 
Performance artist and creator Makeba Mongold, widely known as Maki Roll, expresses that “Bebop does a really good job of adding cultural influences into the show without it seeming heavy handed or appropriative.” The characters were developed in a way that honors audiences rather than panders to them. “In our current entertainment landscape, a lot of diverse characters feel more like they’re created out of obligation than love, but in Cowboy Bebop it felt as though they were there because they belonged,” says Mawocha. 
Representation of various racial backgrounds, both visually and sonically, was very important for Watanabe, which can be seen in Bebop and other projects he’s directed and produced like Samurai Champloo, Michiko & Hatchin, and Carole & Tuesday. In an interview for an art book entitled Cowboy Bebop: The Jazz Messengers, the director explains that he “paid a lot of attention to skin color. Lots of times when you watch anime, the characters have white skin — all the characters in fantasy stories all have white skin, which I never liked. I wanted to have lots of characters in Bebop without the white skin, and if people weren’t used to that, well, maybe it would even make them think a little bit about it.“
Watanabe’s level of awareness and intention set the precedent for other anime to come, establishing a step in the right direction for BIPOC representation.
 









Image: Sunrise Entertainment



Although viewers have developed a fondness and deep respect for Bebop’s interpretation of futuristic life, it is not above critique and there is more work to be done. Inspired by his love for the anime and Black storytelling, co-founder of Kolanut Productions Obichukwu Udeh helped to create Neptune’s Bluez, a story that “reimagines Cowboy Bebop as an all Black space adventure [that] brings Harlem to the cosmos,” he shares with The Verge. “Driven by a character based on the legendary Nigerian musician Fela Kuti, the story takes place in a universe where mumble rappers and space suits designed from African masquerades make for a true adventure.” 
Afrofuturism goes beyond having a futuristic aesthetic. It also lays the foundation for Black creators to use art as a means of centering Blackness and creating opportunities for Black communities to exist and thrive in a better world. Several Black creatives are striving to use their creativity to give Black people spaces to feel seen. Artists like Tara Fay Coleman use their expertise in art and curation to center Black culture. “So much of art is viewed through the lens of whiteness, and I am intentional about shifting that lens by creating exhibitions that speak to our lived experiences.”
These efforts are being made on the literary front as well, where journalists such as Erika Hardison, the publisher of the inaugural, indie Black feminist mag Fabulize, use their platform to create access for other Black creatives. 
“I try to use my opportunities to highlight Black creatives who are making waves across genres. For every Black entrepreneur, author, creative and business I interview and highlight, I’m doing my part to ensure that those stories get told in the media.”
The upcoming live action adaptation of Cowboy Bebop, which is Netflix’s “expansion to the canon,” casts Mustafa Shakir as Jet. The choice of casting this character as Black not only creates more opportunities for Black people to see themselves on-screen but was also influenced by Beau Billingslea, the actor who voiced Jet in the US dub of the anime. Reflecting on his career, Billingslea refers to Jet as “being drawn grey” and notes that during that point in his career, he notes that most characters he voiced were raceless. 
“[When being casted] it wasn’t about the color of my skin, it was about the quality of my voice and my quality of work,” he says to The Verge. “If they had only hired me to voice persons of color, I wouldn’t have worked because there weren’t any in anime.”
Billingslea feels that the casting of Shakir is important and that it will draw more audiences to loving both the live action and original, animated series. With Billingslea being a part of the movement that paved the way for those like Shakir, it illustrates the upward mobility of Black people and our representation, but it does not stop there. We have to continue to create more opportunities for all Black people to thrive and exist.
“Some people reach an elevated point and pull the ladder away so that no one else can follow,” says Eric, a writer and video producer. “I want to help build and fortify the ladder so that others can follow me. We must share and uplift each other so that we can all stand profoundly together.”

The Miami City Commission has voted to end its multiyear experiment with shared electric scooters. In a four to five vote, the commission approved a “pocket item” (a last-minute legislative maneuver) to end the Miami scooter pilot. The ordinance went into effect at midnight November 18th. 
Since 2018, Miami residents and tourists have been able to use mobile apps to rent dockless electric scooters. Companies have until 5PM on Friday, November 19th, to retrieve their scooters from the streets or the city will impound them. 
“We’re shutting it down,” said Commissioner Alex Díaz de la Portilla, according to Mass Transit magazine. “That’s it.”
Scooters typically draw some controversy wherever they’re deployed, but the electric two-wheelers were particularly divisive in Miami. Supporters claimed they were useful in reducing car usage and connecting residents to transit hubs. Critics said they were a nuisance, blocking sidewalks and creating situations in which unskilled riders were in danger of being injured in traffic. 
“We’re shutting it down”
The scooter companies were incensed by the vote. “We’re extremely disappointed in the Commission’s hasty and short sighted action to end the scooter program, taking away a safe and popular transportation option used by thousands of Miami residents daily and putting dozens of workers out of a job the week before Thanksgiving,” Caroline Samponaro, VP of transit, bike and scooter policy at Lyft, said in a statement. 
Samponaro cited recent comments by Miami Mayor Francis Suarez in support of shared electric scooters while speaking at the LA Auto Show. “We are hopeful he will stand up to the Commission on behalf of Miami residents and visitors to stop this action,” she said of the mayor. 
Other scooter providers chimed in as well. “It comes as more of a shock to our tens of thousands of riders and the dozens of Miami-based workers we employ whose livelihoods are being toyed with,” Lime Senior Director of Government Relations Phil Jones said in a statement. “We’ve long worked with the City of Miami to provide safe, affordable, and sustainable transportation options for residents and visitors and we’ve invested millions of dollars into our micromobility program here.”
Commissioners who voted to end the pilot claimed to be motivated by safety. “On Biscayne Boulevard, at whatever hour of the day, you see kids on these scooters,” said Díaz de la Portilla, who led the effort to end the program, according to Mass Transit. “This is an accident waiting to happen.”
Other cities have used safety as a pretext for banning scooters. Nashville shut down its e-scooter pilot in 2019 after an intoxicated man was killed by a car driver while riding a scooter. The Nashville pilot was restarted several months later. 
Micromobility supporters often point out that cars and trucks, not scooters, pose the biggest threat to people on the road. When someone is injured while riding a scooter or other lightweight vehicle, it is often because cities have done little to protect them, like install protected bike lanes, reduce speed limits, or promote policies to encourage walking, bicycling, and scooter riding. Banishing scooters, they argue, just reinforces the notion that streets are for cars and not people. 
Updated November 19th, 1:54PM ET: Updated to include a statement from Lime. 

Yubico has teamed up with Keyport on a new key organizer that’s designed to safely stash your YubiKey security key (a small dongle that can act as an extra layer of security for your logins) alongside your house keys in one compact little enclosure. 
It’s a neat idea. My house keys have to put up with a lot of abuse from being carried around in my pockets and stuffed in the bottom of backpacks. And while I’m not too worried about a set of metal keys surviving this kind of treatment, I wouldn’t say not to a little more protection for a USB dongle that I need to access my most secure accounts. YubiKeys are built like tanks, but nothing’s invincible.


    Related
  
How to use a two-factor security key

The $25 Yubico x Keyport Pivot 2.0 key organizer appears to have been released earlier this month, and it’s functionally a very similar accessory to Keyport’s existing Pivot 2.0 organizer. The differences appear to amount to a small Yubico logo on its outside, and Yubico’s website also notes that this version doesn’t include Keyport’s lost and found service.
Alongside a YubiKey security key, the organizer has space for up to seven other key-sized items. As well as keys, Keyport sells a variety of tools that are designed to sit in its holders, like multi-tools, mini-flashlights, and pens. Compatible YubiKeys include the 5 Series, as well as its new Bio Series, which are activated using a fingerprint.



It’s still difficult to find a PS5, Xbox Series X, Nintendo Switch OLED, or practically any desktop graphics card made in the last three years. So difficult that many people resort to paying scalpers far more than it should cost to get one. This trend has stuck around since the early days of the pandemic, and it might not change any time soon.
This year, the likes of Amazon, Best Buy, and Walmart signaled that they, too, would like to become console and GPU scalpers, in a sense. Each began hosting some restock events you couldn’t access unless you had a paid subscription to Amazon Prime, Walmart Plus, or Best Buy’s new “Totaltech.” But don’t fall for the notion that these services will go the extra mile for you. In fact, they don’t guarantee the basic tools you need to succeed.
While Scalpers have what you want and will give it to you if you pay, that’s not how it works with these subscriptions. Yes, instead of going up against countless others in a restock battle royale, you might be competing with a smaller set of paying customers, theoretically boosting your chances of success. But it’s still a total gamble. It’s essentially a cover charge to get into the same page where you might be able to click a buy button, or you might not. And the more people who pay the cover charge, the worse your chances get.
don’t fall for the notion that these services will go the extra mile for you
It didn’t take long for people to realize none of these memberships guarantee the most important element of snapping up a new console: getting alerted about when these restocks are actually happening. One shared theme with the likes of Amazon Prime, Best Buy Totaltech, and Walmart Plus is their overall lack of communication with subscribers. They rarely provide any heads-up about these restock opportunities.











The Founders Edition RTX 3080 Ti has a retail price of 1,199.99, but the lowest price at StockX is currently $1,778.



Without some serious strides in how these retailers communicate with subscribers, you’ll likely still be outpaced in getting a console or GPU by people who have made a hobby out of following Twitter profiles like Wario64, who’s known for being among the first to post news of restocks; joining the relevant Discord servers that obsessively track restocks; and being quick to the draw with the refresh button on your browser (and knowing when to stop tapping refresh to avoid getting flagged as a spammer, too). Sadly, all of this is among the best advice out there for finding success yourself. It’s no surprise that careers have been made from this unusual supply and demand climate. 
Even with a subscription, you may be outpaced by people who’ve turned restocks into a hobby — or a career
It’s part of my role here at The Verge, alongside my colleagues, to figure out if it’s actually possible to get these hard-to-find items when a retailer claims to have them in stock and running through the chaotic process of trying to buy one ourselves (don’t worry, we throw them back in the water for everyone else). 
While I don’t recommend any of these memberships if all that you want to do is score a console, they’re useful for things like free shipping or scoring some discounts. So I can see why some might subscribe to them with the bonus of a scant possibility of finding a new PS5, Switch OLED, Xbox Series X, or a new Nvidia GPU. With Amazon, Best Buy, and Walmart being the places where these restocks most frequently occur, we’ve included info below about each subscription, what it’s like to try to score on these sites, and how we think the checkout process could improve.











Illustration by Alex Castro / The Verge


Amazon Prime
Amazon has its Prime subscription that costs $119.99 per year or $12.99 per month (if you’re fine paying more in total each year to be on a month-to-month plan). It nets you complementary fast shipping, access to Prime Video streaming, and a variety of other perks, including being the key that gets you in the door for some exclusive restocking events. Notably, you can get all of these perks — and access to its Prime Day shopping event — even with a free trial to Prime.
Actually getting into one of Amazon’s Prime-exclusive console restocks is almost entirely the result of seeing the right tweet at the right time. Amazon’s restocks tend to sell out much faster than they do at Walmart or Best Buy. In minutes, or sometimes less, things usually go out of stock, but it’s also usually unclear whether it’s actually stock or a site stability issue instead. I’ve had luck buying a PS5 by constantly refreshing pages that seem inactive or broken. Even when items went to my cart, it was a trial-and-error process that ended in failure more than success. So, it’s not the most elegant process. 
To my knowledge, Amazon hasn’t attempted a queueing system for console restocks, which would be the most fair way to go. Instead, it’s a free-for-all that’s far too easy to miss out on.
a trial-and-error process that ends in failure more than success
While it’s not usually limited to Prime members, Amazon also sends out text messages to those who register for updates on its Treasure Truck, which previously has offered the PS5 and Nintendo Switch OLED for Prime customers only. Though, in both cases, these text messages didn’t arrive until after each had already sold out. So, not much help there.
When I asked Amazon if it intended to improve how it communicates with Prime subscribers who aren’t on the restock beat, an Amazon spokesperson dodged my inquiries, talking instead about the other benefits of a Prime subscription. 










Photo by Justin Sullivan/Getty Images


Walmart Plus
Walmart Plus is $98 per year or $12.95 per month if you’d rather pay more to go month-to-month. It offers free shipping with no order minimum, discounts on prescriptions and fuel, the ability to scan and checkout from the Walmart app on your phone (you’ll still need to finalize the order at a self-checkout kiosk), and more. It’s also offering exclusive restock opportunities for subscribers, in addition to giving them four hours of early access to shop its Black Friday deals. One caveat is that, unlike Prime, you need to be a paying member to take advantage of these perks. Being on its 15-day trial won’t suffice.
Word of Walmart restocks usually spreads on Twitter a few hours before they actually go live, though the company rarely sends the news out via official channels. Recently, about half of those restock events seem to have been exclusive to Walmart Plus subscribers, with the others being openly available to anyone with a free Walmart account. 
It’s tough to know what it’s going to be like jumping into any given Walmart restock. I’ve had luck refreshing the page the moment it goes live, adding a PS5 to a cart, and buying it. Most other times, though, its site hangs and crashes in frustrating ways. Its “add to cart” buttons usually aren’t quick enough to show as “out of stock,” often leading me to believe I still have a chance even when I actually don’t. Walmart’s restocks usually come in waves, with new stock replenishing every 10 minutes for a few rounds, so it’s good to stick around for a while, refreshing frequently. 
It’s tough to know what it’s going to be like jumping into any given Walmart restock
More recently, Walmart has experimented with a new queueing system that lets you shop around while you wait for a timer to run down. While it’s more orderly in theory, it didn’t make the process of getting a console any easier. My wait for an Xbox Series X hung at “one minute remaining” for about 30 minutes until it notified me that it was out of stock.
I asked Walmart if it could share more detailed plans for future restocking events for its Walmart Plus subscribers and how it aims to improve communication, but the retailer declined to comment for this story.










Photo by Scott Olson/Getty Images


Best Buy Totaltech
Best Buy’s Totaltech costs $200 per year and grants you complimentary Geek Squad tech support, exclusive discounts, up to two years of warranty support on most products (so long as you remain a member), free, fast shipping, an extended return and exchange window, and more. It has already hosted several exclusive opportunities for Totaltech members to buy a PS5, the Nintendo Switch OLED, and the Xbox Series X, though the retailer offers as many, if not more, opportunities that don’t require a subscription — just a free My Best Buy account.
Where Best Buy sticks out from Amazon and Walmart actually has nothing to do with its Totaltech membership. Over the past year, it has hosted ticketed, in-store restocking events each month that grant early birds a ticket, guaranteeing them the ability to buy one of these products once doors open. This is a particularly big deal to some PC gamers who are after Nvidia’s Founder’s Edition graphics cards, which are exclusively sold at Best Buy in the US and easier to fit into PCs than those made by many aftermarket brands. Of course, whether you’re after a GPU or a PS5, supply is still very limited. That said, your chances seem better here than what Totaltech or any competing subscriptions can offer — and it’s free of charge.
Whether you’re a Totaltech member or not, Best Buy has the most stable online queuing system of any site that I’ve tried to use during restocks. I’ve successfully added consoles and GPUs to my cart, before releasing them back in the wild.  
Best Buy has the most stable online queuing system of any site that I’ve used, plus some in-store restocks
Carly Charlson, director of public relations at Best Buy, shared with The Verge that the company knows there are “more customers shopping for them than what’s available” and that its teams “are working on the best ways to alert them when they’re available.” 
For many (but not all) of its in-store restocks, Best Buy will post about them a day in advance to give you some heads-up. That’s not the case with online restocks. Those usually go live without advanced notice, requiring you to be paying close attention to Twitter or Discord if you want the best chances of succeeding. 
Best Buy told The Verge that it alerted Totaltech members via email about a recent PS5 and Nintendo Switch OLED restock a day in advance, then followed up with a push notification via the Best Buy app once inventory went live. Strangely, it also shared that this kind of outreach won’t happen for every restock in the future.










Photo by Sean Hollister / The Verge


What other paid options exist?
If you want to take a look outside of what the biggest retailers are doing (and not doing) for eager console shoppers, GameStop offers exclusive restocking opportunities for subscribers to its PowerUp Rewards Pro service, in addition to other gaming-centric perks.
Subscribers will get “first dibs on new console drops, graphics cards, collectibles, and more.” What’s more, it explicitly informs its subscribers via email about upcoming console drops. It costs $14.99 per year. According to CNET’s post on tracking PS5 restocks, the retailer lets PowerUp Rewards Pro members have a go at the consoles one hour ahead of everyone else. 
GameStop notoriously offers the priciest bundles in many of its exclusive restocks
GameStop gets the nod for being more affordable than the subscriptions mentioned above, but it offers the fewest amount of perks. You’ll get a little promotional credit each month for sticking with the subscription, as well as discounts on games, and a subscription to the Game Informer magazine. Though, it notoriously offers only the most expensive console bundles in almost all of its exclusive restock events. GameStop stuffs the bundles with games, controllers, and gift cards you might not want, and this is the thanks you get for subscribing to its service.
What if you don’t want to buy any subscriptions?
Some manufacturers themselves have offered registration to give you a chance at buying products in a more orderly manner. Sony is accepting free registration to express interest in purchasing its PlayStation 5, though it doesn’t ensure that you’ll get an invite. Instead, its selection process is determined on “previous interests and PlayStation activity,” not a first-come, first-served basis. I’m sure this is helping some people get consoles, but it’s certainly not a sure-fire way to get one soon.
Computer components company EVGA did the logical thing of just allowing people to sign up to buy an Nvidia RTX 30-series graphics card in early 2021, letting people buy it once their number in line is called. That’s how my colleague Sean Hollister scored an RTX 3060 at MSRP — it only took nine months to reach his spot in line. Still, to him, it felt like a fair system at work. Sadly, EVGA halted its queues, so it’s not currently available to sign up for.










EVGA used to let people sign up to be offered a chance to buy graphics cards, though its queue system is not currently available.
Photo by Sean Hollister / The Verge


We might all be a bit happier if more retailers adopted more sensible queuing methods. If paying for a subscription increased your chances of getting what you want sooner and made it easier to do it at your own pace, that’d be great, too. Unfortunately, it seems like we’re not totally there yet.
That’s the strange part about all of this. Retailers are good at sending out lots of marketing emails, yet this kind of personalized email or text outreach seems to have befuddled even the biggest stores. Or perhaps it’s not befuddling them, and they just choose not to do it. After all, these restocks generate a huge level of buzz and traffic. 
I wonder if the reality is somewhere in the middle. It can’t be overstated how limited stock is, and perhaps for site stability and security purposes, it behooves retailers to be as vague as possible — even to paying subscribers. On the other hand, retailers are fully aware that this frenzy won’t last forever, and as a business, it’s in their interest to turn as many of you as possible into regular-paying customers.
As these subscriptions currently exist, they want to get you in the door with the promise of exclusive access to restocking opportunities. I want these services to improve because they could be more useful for people who choose to pay. But without offering a real guarantee of success, they’re arguably worse than scalpers. They’re taking a cut of this madness with too little to show for it. 







        Sign up for the
        
          newsletter
        
      
      Verge Deals
    
Subscribe to get the best Verge-approved tech deals of the week.






Just one more thing!
Please confirm your subscription to Verge Deals via the verification email we just sent you.




Email (required)






        By signing up, you agree to our Privacy Notice and European users agree to the data transfer policy.
        
      
Subscribe






One day you’re just another Brute on the Halo ring minding your own business, and the next you’re a rock star. That’s Craig, Halo Infinite’s infamous Brute that appeared in the notorious trailer last year. He might have originally represented the poor quality of graphics in the original Halo Infinite trailer, but now he has been memorialized as a rock star inside the game in an Easter egg.
The Craig shrine can be discovered on top of a giant tower in the fourth campaign mission in Halo Infinite. It includes a greatest hits album and a tour poster with dates for when Craig is holding a Zeta Halo tour. Songs include classics like “The Day You Become a Meme, I Got Tears Last Summer” and “I Smile Inside.”










Craig’s greatest hits album.


The Brutes inside Halo Infinite (like Craig) have had a glow-up since we last saw them, and the graphical improvements leave just the memory of Craig in players’ minds. 343 Industries has promised Craig Easter eggs, so there could be even more to discover throughout the campaign.
Mint Blitz, a YouTuber who is so good at Halo I’m convinced his arms are autonomous, discovered the hidden Easter egg during the campaign missions. You’ll need to upgrade your Grappleshot, an awesome new ability in Halo Infinite, to the 40 percent cooldown reduction in order to get to the top of the tower. Once you’re there, you can pick up a collectible skull and check out Craig’s wonderful rock star shrine.

Otter.ai is adding new limitations to the free Otter Basic plan on the subscription service, which will limit free users to 30-minute transcriptions starting December 1st, down from the current 40-minute limit. 
The company says that the changes are “due to increased costs and to maintain high standards of service.” Otter.ai is still offering the same 600 minutes of transcription per month to free users, however. 
The overall monthly limit for free users isn’t changing, however
The change isn’t hugely problematic in the long run, given that Otter.ai still isn’t changing the total amount of transcription that free users can do — just the amount that you can have transcribed in a single recording. That means that attentive users can simple just start a new file once the 30-minute limit is reached, although you’ll generally have to pay attention to when you’re creeping up on the time limit (and lose the benefit of having everything in a single document). 
Otter.ai customers who need the capability for longer recordings can pay for Otter Pro, which costs $99.99 per year or $12.99 per month. That price gets you transcriptions up to four hours long, up to 6,000 minutes of transcription each month, and additional features including custom vocabulary lists and the ability to import prerecorded files. 

Huawei laptops haven’t been widely available in the US for years. But they’ve traditionally been fantastic products, with good enough performance and build quality to make them serious MacBook competitors. So I figured I’d review the MateBook 16, Huawei’s latest flagship notebook, even though it may not be on the radars of our US readers. Consider this a resource for those in markets where Huawei is still operating but also a quick check on what the rest of us are missing out on. 
On the outside, the MateBook 16… kind of looks like a MacBook Pro. Huawei’s got the colors and the general vibe down pat. Whether it performs as well as a MacBook is, of course, another question. Most of the MateBook 16 is great, from the speedy and comfortable keyboard to the all-day battery life, massive 3:2 display, and surprisingly powerful speakers. I know people who have replaced MacBooks with MateBooks as a primary driver, and I can see how for most office workers, the daily experience is quite similar. 
But the main difference is that when I’m using a MateBook, I occasionally come across weird things. They’re not things that make or break the experience, but they’re just odd flaws for such a nice laptop to have. And they add up to make a product that’s great but not as great as it feels like it easily could be.






Our review of 
Huawei MateBook 16


Verge Score
7.5 out of 10






Good Stuff

Fast eight-core processor
Very nice chassis
Excellent battery life



Bad Stuff

Drive partitions are a hassle
Nosecam
Something weird going on with the microphones




Buy for $986.36 from Vmall
Buy for $1,219.99 from AliExpress
Buy for $1,255.00 from eBay



 









You could convince me this was a MacBook in dim lighting from far away.



I should note, before we get too far into this, that the MateBook is only available in a somewhat limited number of countries. Currently, you can only order it directly from Huawei’s site if you’re in China or Germany as of this writing. (I can’t imagine it will be available within the US any time soon, given Huawei’s relationship with the Biden administration.) If you’re outside of those countries but are willing to ship one over, I have found models on AliExpress for as low as $1,259. My test unit, which has a Ryzen 7 5800H, 16GB of memory, and 512G of storage, is currently available for $1,469 on AliExpress. (Of course, the usual caveats about ordering from third-party sites apply if you’re going to shop there — you probably won’t recieve a warranty, you may need to get a separate charger, and you should make sure you’re buying from a reputable seller.) 
The highlight of this device is the display
If you are able to get your hands on one of these, it has a number of selling points. It’s fairly light for a 16-inch notebook at 4.39 pounds. The trackpad is smooth and roomy, though it occasionally had issues with palm rejection. The keyboard is sturdy and impressively quiet — it’s probably the most MacBook-esque keyboard I’ve ever used on a Windows laptop (and I mean the recent models, not the god-awful butterfly ones). There’s a useful port selection with two USB-C, two USB-A, a headphone jack, and HDMI. The speakers are quite good, with bass that’s a bit weak. It’s got an unobtrusive, professional look. 
 









The touchpad is “a durable matte glass.”



The highlight of the device, for me, is the display. Not only is it a whopping 16 inches, but it has a 3:2 aspect ratio, which is my favorite laptop aspect ratio. (Yes, I have a favorite.) There’s a ton of vertical space, and I comfortably worked in multiple windows side by side; as someone who generally uses a 13-incher, the extra room feels luxurious. The panel itself, while not quite MacBook quality, still displays strong colors and sharp details and kicked back almost no glare. I enjoyed looking at it. 
 









Fingerprint reader in the power button.



Now, for the weird things. The MateBook’s microphones come equipped with Huawei’s Ai noise cancelation technology that’s supposed to reduce echo and ambient noise, but coworkers said that it made me sound very weird on Zoom calls. It was clearly processing my voice while I was speaking; someone said I sounded like I was underwater. They could still hear and understand me just fine, but it’s an odd caveat to such a nice laptop. I’ve asked Huawei about this issue. 
Another oddity: the SSD is partitioned? There are essentially two drives on the MateBook 16. I’ve asked Huawei why this is, but I really can’t fathom why this would be necessary on a consumer laptop. It seems likely to cause needless confusion and hassle — I had various downloads interrupted midway because they’d been dumped into a partition that didn’t have room, and I had to move a bunch of things around to accommodate a large folder I was trying to load that was well under 512GB but too big for either partition. Finding files and applications that I needed was also more complicated, because I couldn’t always remember which drive they were on.  
And finally, the webcam. The MateBook has a nosecam that pops out of the keyboard’s top row when you press down on it. This, to me, is the equivalent of having no webcam — I’d rather be a black square on Zoom calls than have coworkers staring up my nostrils. So that’s also a thing. 
The microphones made me sound weird on Zoom calls

 









Yep, this is where the webcam is.



 









No, seriously.




Huawei enthusiasts can use a Multi-Screen collaboration feature to connect the MateBook 16 to a Huawei phone or tablet. You can then drag and drop files between the tethered devices, access their apps interchangeably, or use the latter as a traditional external display. I wasn’t able to test this, as I didn’t have any Huawei phones or tablets on hand, but it sounds convenient and similar to Apple’s Sidecar feature. It does seem that you have to enter a passcode every time you reconnect a device, which would probably drive me up the wall after a while. 











With Multi-Screen Collaboration, use a Huawei tablet as a touchpad.












90 percent screen-to-body ratio — it’s a beauty.



The MateBook also connects easily to Huawei earbuds — per Huawei, the two gadgets will prompt you to pair them automatically if you put them near each other. Huawei is clearly moving towards a robust and developed ecosystem, though whether people buy in will likely depend on how well the features continue to work as new products are released. Regardless, it’s something I’m jealous of as someone whose Bose 700 come disconnected from her Surface Book at least a few times a week. 
As a work driver, the MateBook’s eight-core Ryzen processor did an excellent job. The fans were silent under heaps of Chrome tabs, Spotify streaming, and Zoom calls. I was never worried about anything crashing or slowing down, and nothing was ever hot. You can switch to a dedicated Performance Mode by pressing FN+P, though I’m not sure where a user who doesn’t have Huawei’s reviewers’ guide would find that information out. 
As we generally expect from AMD Ryzen 5000 systems, the MateBook did quite well on multi-core benchmarks and lagged behind a bit on single-core devices. It also did not blow any graphical tasks out of the water — AMD’s integrated graphics haven’t received a major update for a couple years. We saw an average of 15 frames per second on Shadow of the Tomb Raider at the MateBook’s native resolution of 2520 x 1680 and 28fps at 1920 x 1080. Neither of those is a fantastic gaming experience, and they’re significantly worse than what we saw from the 13-inch M1 MacBook Air. 


MateBook 16 Benchmarks



Benchmark
Score




Benchmark
Score




Cinebench R23 Multi
11666


Cinebench R23 Single
1415


Cinebench R23 Multi looped for 30 minutes
11928


Geekbench 5.3 CPU Multi
7213


Geekbench 5.3 CPU Single
1466


Geekbench 5.3 OpenCL / Compute
15783





The MateBook took 13 minutes and 44 seconds to complete our 4K export test. This isn’t a terrible result among AMD systems with integrated graphics, but it does underscore the delta between a system like this and a heavier-duty creative workstation (which people often expect 16-inch laptops to be). The most recent MacBook Pros, even the 14-incher, all took under three minutes for the same task. On the Puget Systems benchmark for Premiere Pro, the MateBook also landed far behind Apple’s machines, including the very similarly priced MacBook Air. None of this is to say that the MateBook is a bad laptop; it’s just to emphasize that you can get more graphics power for this price if that’s a priority for you. 

 









Two USB 3.2 Gen 1 on the right.



 









Two USB-C, one HDMI, one audio jack on the left.




What AMD’s chips tend to lack in single-core power, though, they often make up for in battery life. The MateBook comes with an 84Wh battery, and I averaged just over 10 hours of continuous use with the screen around 200 nits of brightness. (Huawei claims you’ll get 12.5 hours of “continuous local 1080p video playback,” so I guess take note if you do a lot of that.) That does beat the MacBook Air (although not by a ton) and many Intel laptops of this size. 
To me, the battery life is the strongest argument in favor of buying the MateBook. It should get you through a workday with no problem, which is especially impressive considering the massive high-resolution screen. I’d love to be able to carry this around a conference, charger-free, and have so much real estate to work with whenever I opened it. 
 









Thanks to AMD, it’s Huawei’s most powerful MateBook to date.



While the MateBook 16 seems like a notebook with the potential to have widespread appeal, the folks I’d most recommend it to are largely still Huawei superfans. The MateBook’s compatibility with other Huawei products is something that nothing from Apple or Asus can offer. I can see that benefit outweighing the odd drawbacks for people that already own other Huawei devices.
For everyone else, I think the MateBook could be a fine purchase for a general work driver, but you can get other laptops with most of the same benefits and without the weirdness surrounding the webcam, speakers, and drive. Even if MacBook Pros are outside your price range, many Ryzen devices have similar performance and battery life to the MateBook, as well as a functional webcam and microphones. The MacBook Air is basically there as well (and as bad as its webcam is, I’ll take that over a nostril shot any day). Basically, I think you have to really, really want the 16-inch, 3:2 screen for the MateBook to have a shot. 


    Related
  
Huawei P40 Pro review: there’s a catch
Honor 50 review: lose a Huawei, gain a Google



Agree to Continue: Huawei MateBook 16
Every smart device now requires you to agree to a series of terms and conditions before you can use it — contracts that no one actually reads. It’s impossible for us to read and analyze every single one of these agreements. But we started counting exactly how many times you have to hit “agree” to use devices when we review them since these are agreements most people don’t read and definitely can’t negotiate.
As with other Windows 10 computers, the Huawei MateBook 16 presents you with multiple things to agree to or decline upon setup.
The mandatory policies, for which an agreement is required, are:

A request for your region and keyboard layout
Microsoft software license terms, Huawei end-user software licensing agreement, and Huawei consumer business privacy statement
A Microsoft account for sign-in (this can be bypassed if you don’t connect the computer to the internet during setup — in that case, you’ll choose a username, password, and security questions)
Create a PIN
Enable auto-updates to PC Manager, drivers, and the user guide when your computer isn’t in use (you can change this in PC Manager following setup)

In addition, there is a slew of optional things to agree to:

Connect to Wi-Fi network
Set up fingerprint sensor authentication
Device privacy settings: Find My Device, Inking and Typing, Advertising ID, Location, Diagnostic data, Tailored experiences
Customize your PC for entertainment, creativity, gaming, business, school, or family
Allow your PC to remind you to link your Android phone after you’ve finished setting up Windows
Back up your Desktop, Documents, and Pictures folders to OneDrive
Claim a free trial of Microsoft 365
Allow Microsoft to access your location, location history, contacts, voice input, speech and handwriting patterns, typing history, search history, calendar details, messages, apps, and Edge browsing history to help Cortana provide personalized experiences and relevant suggestions

That’s eight mandatory agreements and 13 optional ones.



The Food and Drug Administration opened booster shots for the Pfizer / BioNTech and Moderna COVID-19 vaccine to all adults today, the companies announced, expanding eligibility outside of the initial, vulnerable groups they were cleared for earlier this fall.
Although the COVID-19 vaccines available in the United States are still highly effective protection against severe cases of the disease, hospitalization, and death, protection against any infection or symptoms appears to be weakening. A third, booster shot of the vaccines could restore that protection: Pfizer showed in a clinical trial that the shot was around 95 percent effective compared with people who only had two doses, essentially restoring the same efficacy seen in the initial clinical trials.
Analysis out of Israel and the United Kingdom, which have been using booster doses for longer than the US, also show that a third shot significantly blunts infection rates. They’re available to anyone over 40 in the United Kingdom and anyone over 12 in Israel. 
Until now, booster shots of the Pfizer / BioNTech and Moderna COVID-19 vaccines were officially available to people 65 years of age and older, those who are at high risk of severe disease, healthcare workers, and other people at high risk of exposure to COVID-19 at work. However, in response to recent upticks in infection rates, some states have moved ahead and started offering third doses to everyone. (Everyone who got the one-shot Johnson & Johnson COVID-19 vaccine is already eligible for a second dose).  
Just over 16 percent of people in the United States who had an initial vaccine series have already received a booster shot.  

Cowboy, one of Europe’s premier makers of electric commuter bikes, is now offering a mobile support service in 22 cities with more to follow; 14 in the EU and eight in the US where Cowboy only recently set up operations. 
Cowboy Care costs €20 / £20 / $20 a month and covers cleaning the bike, tightening screws, replacing parts, and fixing flat tires wherever owners might be. It launches just in time for shipments of the much-anticipated Cowboy 4 and 4ST e-bikes. After some delays to the original September target, the newest Cowboys will begin deliveries next week to people who got their preorders in early, according to Adrien Roose, co-founder and CEO of Brussels-based Cowboy.










An unlimited number of Cowboy Care appointments can be scheduled in the Cowboy app.
Image: Cowboy


Cowboy Care appointments — broken down by maintenance, repair, and flat tire fixes — can be booked in Cowboy’s iOS and Android apps. A trained technician, employed by Cowboy, is then dispatched to meet the owner to deal with whatever request they might have. Cowboy notes that care is unlimited, “the technician comes to the rider as many times as they need us there.” 
In-home repairs are not new for Cowboy. As Roose explained during a phone interview with The Verge today, the company already dispatches technicians to homes for warranty repairs. Cowboy Care subscriptions extend that model to include maintenance services like cleaning the frame, belt drive, and brakes; tightening the belt, bolts, and screws; topping-up the tire pressure; servicing brakes; top-to-bottom checkups; and fixing flat tires.
Parts needed to replace brake pads, tires, and inner tubes are included in the subscription price. However, out-of-warranty repairs like snapped belt drives, busted motors, and batteries that have reached end of life are not currently covered.
Mobile support is a major new battleground for e-bike companies
Mobile support is a major new battleground for direct-to-consumer e-bike companies like Cowboy, Rad Power, and VanMoof, each of which have raised millions to build out their networks of roaming technicians. Purchasing an e-bike over the internet can save the buyer money, but bypassing traditional bike shops can mean boxing up your e-bike and shipping it back across the globe for repairs. That’s especially true for e-bikes from makers like Cowboy and VanMoof that use large numbers of custom parts, instead of the off-the-shelf parts found in commodity e-bikes. 
Cowboy Care is available now in the European cities of Amsterdam, Berlin, Hamburg, Paris, London, Gent, Munich, Brussels, Cologne, Antwerp, Rotterdam, Dusseldorf, Utrecht, and Frankfurt. It’ll be live in the US cities of San Francisco, New York, Los Angeles, Chicago, Washington, Seattle, San Diego, and Portland in time for the first US shipments of the C4 and C4ST to arrive in January 2022.

Discord has updated its Windows and macOS desktop clients to let users add alt text for image attachments, the service has announced on Twitter. It’s a helpful accessibility feature for users that rely on screen readers and arrives alongside the ability to preview and upload up to 10 files at a time.
The alt text accessibility feature can be found by clicking the small pen icon (“Modify Attachment”) on the top right of each individual preview before sending it in a text channel. Of course, the feature relies on people making the effort to manually add alt text in order for it to be useful. But it’s better than not having the option at all.


big upgrades to attachments: now you can upload up to 10 files at a time on desktop, see previews, and add alt text for ppl with screen readers (plus a few more things). pretty big. pic.twitter.com/rptaHdlCem— Discord (@discord) November 18, 2021



Alt text support joins a number of other accessibility features Discord has added to its desktop apps in recent months. Other quality of life improvements include keyboard support for drag and drop, allowing users to organize their servers and channels without needing to use a mouse, and a slider that changes the speed of its text-to-speech feature.


Microsoft is now allowing testers to access a new Xbox app for Windows that greatly improves the game install process from the Windows store. As we reported earlier this month, the updated app allows PC gamers to install titles into any folder of their choice with unrestricted access to game files.
It’s an option that helps address many of the headaches of installing titles from Xbox Game Pass for PC, and it should also mean you can backup game files and restore them if need be. Previously, Microsoft forced games to install into a WindowsApps folder at the root of a drive, and it was locked down so you couldn’t modify files or freely move them around.










You now get options to manage where games are installed to.


The updated Xbox app now lets you choose a location, and, if you have existing games installed, you can move them onto secondary drives. I’ve tested the app and successfully moved Forza Horizon 5, Gears 5, and Microsoft Flight Simulator onto secondary drives. I can now fully access those files and folders, too.
Windows 10 and Windows 11 users can test the new Xbox app through the Xbox Insider Hub app from the store. You’ll need to join the “Windows Gaming” preview within the Xbox Insider Hub app to get the updated Xbox app. Microsoft does list a number of known issues for this early release though, including issues launching some games on external drives and a number of games that aren’t supported yet.
You also still can’t add games downloaded from the Windows store into Steam, as there appears to be a permission issue preventing that. The Xbox app is still in preview, so that could be a bug that will be addressed before it’s widely available. 
Either way, Windows store game installs are finally getting more Steam-like, after years of issues and bugs for PC users. If you’ve been avoiding Xbox Game Pass for PC due to the Windows store, this new Xbox app should remove some of the associated headaches.

Social media conglomerate Meta continues its tactic of buying buzz, after CEO Mark Zuckerberg promised in July that the company would pay $1 billion to creators by the end of 2022. A report from The Information details how some of this money is being spent, with Meta-owned Facebook paying creators up to $50,000 to use the platform’s Live Audio Rooms feature — a rival to the once-buzzy live audio app Clubhouse.
When you make as much money as Meta does, buying success is a reasonable tactic, at least in the short term. The Meta-owned Instagram, for example, has been doing the same to boost its TikTok-rival Reels, paying creators up to $35,000 to post to the platform. 
Meta promised to pay creators $1 billion by the end of 2022
According to The Information, the terms for using Live Audio Rooms are similarly generous. “Facebook is offering to pay musicians and other creators $10,000 to $50,000 per session on its five-month-old live audio product, plus a fee for guests of $10,000 or more,” says the publication, citing “people with direct knowledge of deal terms.” For this money, Facebook reportedly wants creators to host four to six sessions at least 30 minutes in length. Live Audio Rooms launched in the US in June, with the feature sitting alongside other audio-focused products like podcasts, music, and short-form “Soundbites.” Established names who’ve appeared on Live Audio Rooms include singer Miley Cyrus and comedian Sherry Cola, though there’s no reporting that these individuals were paid to appear. 
You may have the impression that only Meta needs to pay creators to use its platform, but really this behavior is common across the entire industry (Meta just has deeper pockets than most). TikTok has its Creator Fund, Snap has its Spotlight program, and Twitter has a paid “accelerator” program for its audio feature Spaces. Indeed, pretty much every major platform offers financial incentives of some sort to attract and retain talent. The only question is who will stay when the money runs out.

It has not been a happy time for researchers at big tech companies. Hired to help executives understand platforms’ shortcomings, research teams inevitably reveal inconvenient truths. Companies hire teams to build “responsible AI” but bristle when their employees discover algorithmic bias. They boast about the quality of their internal research but disavow it when it makes its way to the press. At Google, this story played out in the forced departure of ethical AI researcher Timnit Gebru and the subsequent fallout for her team. At Facebook, it led to Frances Haugen and the Facebook Files.
For these reasons, it’s always of note when a tech platform takes one of those unflattering findings and publishes it for the world to see. At the end of October, Twitter did just that. Here’s Dan Milmo in the Guardian:

Twitter has admitted it amplifies more tweets from right-wing politicians and news outlets than content from left-wing sources.
The social media platform examined tweets from elected officials in seven countries – the UK, US, Canada, France, Germany, Spain and Japan. It also studied whether political content from news organisations was amplified on Twitter, focusing primarily on US news sources such as Fox News, the New York Times and BuzzFeed. […]
The research found that in six out of seven countries, apart from Germany, tweets from right-wing politicians received more amplification from the algorithm than those from the left; right-leaning news organisations were more amplified than those on the left; and generally politicians’ tweets were more amplified by an algorithmic timeline than by the chronological timeline.

Twitter’s blog post on the subject was accompanied by a 27-page paper that further describes the study’s findings and research and methodology. It wasn’t the first time this year that the company had volunteered empirical support for years-old, speculative criticism of its work. This summer, Twitter hosted an open competition to find bias in its photo-cropping algorithms. James Vincent described the results at The Verge:
The top-placed entry showed that Twitter’s cropping algorithm favors faces that are “slim, young, of light or warm skin color and smooth skin texture, and with stereotypically feminine facial traits.” The second and third-placed entries showed that the system was biased against people with white or grey hair, suggesting age discrimination, and favors English over Arabic script in images.
These results were not hidden in a closed chat group, never to be discussed. Instead, Rumman Chowdhury — who leads machine learning ethics and responsibility at Twitter — presented them publicly at DEF CON and praised participants for helping to illustrate the real-world effects of algorithmic bias. The winners were paid for their contributions.
On one hand, I don’t want to overstate Twitter’s bravery here. The results the company published, while opening it up to some criticisms, are nothing that is going to result in a full Congressional investigation. And the fact that the company is much smaller than Google or Facebook parent Meta, which both serve billions of people, means that anything found by its researchers is less likely to trigger a global firestorm.
At the same time, Twitter doesn’t have to do this kind of public-interest work. And in the long run, I do believe it will make the company stronger and more valuable. But it would be relatively easy for any company executive or board member to make a case against doing it.
For that reason, I’ve been eager to talk to the team responsible for it. This week, I met virtually with Chowdhury and Jutta Williams, product lead for Chowdhury’s team. (Inconveniently, as of October 28th: the Twitter team’s official name is Machine Learning Ethics, Transparency, and Accountability: META.) I wanted to know more about how Twitter is doing this work, how it has been received internally, and where it’s going next.
Here’s some of what I learned.
Twitter is betting that public participation will accelerate and improve its findings. One of the more unusual aspects of Twitter’s AI ethics research is that it is paying outside volunteer researchers to participate. Chowdhury was trained as an ethical hacker and observed that her friends working in cybersecurity are often able to protect systems more nimbly by creating financial incentives for people to help.
“Twitter was the first time that I was actually able to work at an organization that was visible and impactful enough to do this and also ambitious enough to fund it,” said Chowdhury, who joined the company a year ago when it acquired her AI risk management startup. “It’s hard to find that.”
Often, only the loudest voices are addressed, while major problems are left to linger
It’s typically difficult to get good feedback from the public about algorithmic bias, Chowdhury told me. Often, only the loudest voices are addressed, while major problems are left to linger because affected groups don’t have contacts at platforms who can address them. Other times, issues are diffuse through the population, and individual users may not feel the negative effects directly. (Privacy tends to be an issue like that.)
Twitter’s bias bounty helped the company build a system to solicit and implement that feedback, Chowdhury told me. The company has since announced it will stop cropping photos in previews after its algorithms were found to largely favor the young, white, and beautiful.
Responsible AI is hard in part because no one understands fully understands decisions made by algorithms. Ranking algorithms in social feeds are probabilistic — they show you things based on how likely you are to like, share, or comment on them. But there’s no one algorithm making that decision — it’s typically a mesh of multiple (sometimes dozens) of different models, each making guesses that are then weighted differently according to ever-shifting factors.
That’s a major reason why it’s so difficult to confidently build AI systems that are “responsible” — there is simply a lot of guesswork involved. Chowdhury pointed out the difference here between working on responsible AI and cybersecurity. In security, she said, it’s usually possible to unwind why the system is vulnerable, so long as you can discover where the attacker entered it. But in responsible AI, finding a problem often doesn’t tell you much about what created it.
That’s the case with the company’s research on amplifying right-wing voices, for example. Twitter is confident that the phenomenon is real but can only theorize as to the reasons behind it. It may be something in the algorithm. But it might also be a user behavior — maybe right-wing politicians tend to tweet in a way to elicit more comments, for example, which then causes their tweets to be weighted more heavily by Twitter’s systems.
“There’s this law of unintended consequences to large systems,” said Williams, who previously worked at Google and Facebook. “It could be so many different things. How we’ve weighted algorithmic recommendation may be a part of it. But it wasn’t intended to be a consequence of political affiliation. So there’s so much research to be done.”
There’s no real consensus on what ranking algorithms “should” do. Even if Twitter does solve the mystery of what’s causing right-wing content to spread more widely, it won’t be clear what the company should do about it. What if, for example, the answer lies not in the algorithm but in the behavior of certain accounts? If right-wing politicians simply generate more comments than left-wing politicians, there may not be an obvious intervention for Twitter to make.
“I don’t think anybody wants us to be in the business of forcing some sort of social engineering of people’s voices,” Chowdhury told me. “But also, we all agree that we don’t want amplification of negative content or toxic content or unfair political bias. So these are all things that I would love for us to be unpacking.”
That conversation should be held publicly, she said.
Twitter thinks algorithms can be saved. One possible response to the idea that all our social feeds are unfathomably complex and cannot be explained by their creators is that we should shut them down and delete the code. Congress now regularly introduces bills that would make ranking algorithms illegal, or make platforms legally liable for what they recommend, or force platforms to let people opt out of them.
Twitter’s team, for one, believes that ranking has a future.
“The algorithm is something that can be saved,” Williams said. “The algorithm needs to be understood. And the inputs to the algorithm need to be something that everybody can manage and control.”
With any luck, Twitter will build just that kind of system.
Of course, the risk in writing a piece like this is that, in my experience, teams like this are fragile. One minute, leadership is pleased with its findings and enthusiastically hiring for it; the next, it’s withering by attrition amidst budget cuts or reorganized out of existence amidst personality conflicts or regulatory concerns. Twitter’s early success with META is promising, but META’s long-term future is not assured.
In the meantime, the work is likely to get harder. Twitter is now actively at work on a project to make its network decentralized, which could shield parts of the network from its own efforts to build the network more responsibly. Twitter CEO Jack Dorsey has also envisioned an “app store for social media algorithms,” giving users more choice around how their feeds are ranked.
“I’m not sure it’s feasible for us to jump right into a marketplace of algorithms”
It’s difficult enough to rank one feed responsibly — what it means to make a whole app store of algorithms “responsible” will be a much larger challenge.
“I’m not sure it’s feasible for us to jump right into a marketplace of algorithms,” Williams said. “But I do think it’s possible for our algorithm to understand signal that’s curated by you. So if there’s profanity in a tweet, as an example: how sensitive are you to that kind of language? Are there specific words that you would consider very, very profane and you don’t want to see? How do we give you controls for you to establish what your preferences are so that that signal can be used in any kind of recommendation?
“I think that there’s a third-party signal more than there is a third-party bunch of algorithms,” Williams said. “You have to be careful about what’s in an algorithm.”


Platformer by Casey Newton
This column was co-published with Platformer, a daily newsletter about Big Tech and democracy.


Subscribe here




Twitter has quietly rolled back its support for Accelerated Mobile Pages (AMP) on mobile, according to a support page spotted by SEO consultant Christian Oliveira. The support page originally detailed how Twitter would automatically send users of its mobile apps to the AMP version of a page from links posted on the social network. However, at some point since October 21st, Twitter updated the page with a notice saying it’s retiring the feature by the end of the year.
According to data from SearchEngineLand, this retirement process appears to have been completed earlier this month. Now, attempting to visit a page from Twitter appears to send users directly to the regular web page, rather than an AMP version that may be available.










Twitter’s notice saying it’s retiring the AMP feature.
Image: Twitter


Although Twitter notes that the AMP allows for “fast-loading, beautiful, high-performing mobile web experiences,” the technology has proved controversial since Google introduced it in 2015. Much of the controversy centered around Google’s perceived control of the project, with some critics claiming that it amounted to Google’s attempt to reinforce its control of the open web. 
But it also has more basic user interface problems for a platform like Twitter because of the way it can mess with URLs, when it makes pages appear to be from Google regardless of the website that created them. It’s an annoying situation that’s led to the creation of browser extensions which automatically redirect AMP pages to the original article URL to reduce confusion.
Twitter’s support document doesn’t give a reason for its change in policy. A spokesperson was not immediately available to respond to a request for comment.
The social network’s move follows a policy change from Google itself in May 2020 when it announced that it would no longer require news sites to offer AMP versions of their pages in order to be featured in its search engine’s Top Stories section. The move was a long time coming following a Google initiative launched in May 2018 to take what the company had learned from AMP and turn its features into general web standards.
For more background on AMP, check out this 2018 episode of The Vergecast featuring an interview with AMP’s former tech lead Malte Ubl.

I wasn’t ready to start sneaking around a Banished warship in my first few minutes in Halo Infinite’s campaign, but there I was facing down an army of Grunts, Jackals, Brutes, and Elites. The initial thrill of the classic Halo music and the familiarity of the enemies was a nostalgia overload for a good few minutes, but after it all wore off I noticed the new Grappleshot. Oh, boy.
I first played Halo 20 years ago, and while the combination of grenades, melees, and an assortment of weapons and vehicles still remains today, the Grappleshot is an entirely new addition that transforms the campaign mode. It’s an ideal companion that left me excited and wanting to upgrade it fully during my first few hours of the campaign.
 







Just Grappleshot Jackal shields to kill them easily.



You’re introduced to the Grappleshot in the early missions in Halo Infinite, as you fight your way outside toward the open areas of the Zeta Halo that the Banished enemies have taken over. The first level is incredibly vertical, and it acts like a subtle training mode to gently nudge you into mastering the Grappleshot.
While you can run, jump, and shoot enemies freely without it, zip lining toward a Brute and punching them in the face is incredibly satisfying. If Jackal’s shields are annoying, just Grappleshot the shield to force them to lower it. It’s also great for instantly figuring out those “How do I get up there?” moments, where you can just aim and transport yourself to areas that would be impossible to get to otherwise.
I’ve been playing around with the Grappleshot for months during the Halo Infinite multiplayer previews, and I was impressed with its mobility there, but it has unlimited uses in the campaign. That means it really comes into its own. You can use it to navigate around quicker or to propel yourself toward an enemy, and it can also be used to retrieve items like guns or fusion coils. There’s only a short cooldown in the campaign mode, so the possibilities for speed running are going to be endless. I can’t wait to witness what talented players manage to accomplish here.
 







One part of the Zeta Halo.



The dark and eerie areas in the first few missions of Halo Infinite where you’re first introduced to the Grappleshot are what you’d expect from classic Halo. There’s a clear storyline and structure, and plenty of Banished enemies to eliminate. If you’re new to the franchise, the story itself takes place 18 months after the events of Halo 5, but the story and adventures really start to expand once you first venture outside onto the Zeta Halo.
It’s here where Halo Infinite really sets itself apart from Halo games that have come before it. It still maintains a very Halo: Combat Evolved look and feel, but you can freely explore the Zeta Halo, and it’s filled with items to discover, high-value targets to eliminate, outposts to conquer, and of course areas of the main storyline to complete.
 









The Zeta Halo surface.



While it certainly looks and feels like an open-world Halo game at first glance, 343 Industries limits the areas of Zeta Halo you can explore until you’ve progressed and unlocked new areas. It’s difficult to tell right now exactly how big this map will be, but you can pan around and get a sense that there’s plenty to unlock. It certainly sounds vast, and I had to spend a few minutes simply standing still and appreciating the subtle audio of the environment and animals that surrounded me.
You can also earn armor upgrades, improve your Grappleshot abilities, and much more here. I only experienced a few upgrades during my initial preview of Halo Infinite, but there are upgrades to stun grappled enemies for several seconds, reduce the Grappleshot cooldown by 40 percent, deliver a shockwave blast when holding melee while you grapple, and even increase the radius of the shockwave blast. I can’t wait to unlock all of these options and see how truly powerful the Grappleshot can be.
 









The Grappleshot upgrades look promising.



While you can explore the Halo Zeta surface and discover occasional skirmishes and battles, the first main campaign mission here is to infiltrate a huge tower that houses a Banished boss. It’s a dark, steam-filled location that really demonstrates just how good Halo Infinite looks running on the Xbox Series X, with lighting that requires you to activate a light on Master Chief’s helmet.
Out of all the initial missions in Halo Infinite, I enjoyed this one the most and it left me wanting more. The boss battle introduces you to the threat sensor, a projectile you can use to track enemies through walls and terrain. The threat sensor is particularly useful against enemies that like to cloak and hide away, and you’ll find high-value targets out in the Halo Zeta that do exactly that.
 









Halo Infinite starts out dark, eerie, and steam-filled.



You can choose to equip the threat sensor when you need it in place of the Grappleshot, and I’m curious to see how the campaign progresses to unlock extra equipment and abilities. The progression system works through Spartan Cores, which can be found throughout the main campaign missions or across Zeta Halo. 
Once you unlock more vehicles, you can also summon them freely from outposts that you’ve secured. You have to battle Banished forces to capture outposts, following their six-month occupation of the Ring. These outposts reveal new Banished structures, extra high-value targets, and you can use them to rally UNSC Marines who are willing to accompany you on missions and defeat enemies. If you rescue marines out in the field or capture Banished bases, you’ll also earn Valor — a resource that lets you unlock new weapons, vehicles, and more.
I’ve only played the first few hours of Halo Infinite so far, and it already feels like there are many hours ahead of me. The Weapon, a new AI that bares a striking resemblance to Cortana, is introduced early on, and the fate of Master Chief and Cortana’s role in the story are still very much up in the air after just a few hours of gameplay. We’ll have a full review of Halo Infinite next month, where we’ll find out just how big Zeta Halo is and discover the secrets hidden within it.
Halo Infinite already feels like a familiar but different kind of Halo, and one that fans are going to enjoy exploring.

Today we heard Elizabeth Holmes speak in court — through recordings made for a Fortune article by Roger Parloff. In those recordings, Holmes claims that Theranos worked with the military, was currently working with pharmaceutical companies, that the company could do more than a thousand tests on its proprietary machines, and that the results were “at the highest level of quality.”
None of this was true.
Parloff has about 10 hours of taped conversations with Holmes
Lying to reporters is not illegal, but it’s generally a bad idea since we tend to record our conversations. We’ve heard a lot about Parloff’s article in US v Elizabeth Holmes, because it was frequently sent to prospective investors as part of the materials Holmes supplied about the company.
Parloff has about 10 hours of taped conversations with Holmes, the founder and former CEO of Theranos. He profiled Theranos after he noticed fancy celebrity lawyer David Boies had been arguing on behalf of a company Parloff had never heard of — and had won the case.
Parloff interviewed Holmes — as well as a who’s who of Theranos notables, including former Secretary of State Henry Kissinger, former Stanford professor Channing Robertson, and Mark Laret, the CEO of UCSF Medical Center. He toured the Palo Alto headquarters of Theranos. He did not see the clinical lab. (Or, for that matter, any third-party analyzers.) He also toured the manufacturing facilities in Newark, California, which he said was “not a buzzing factory — no assembly lines or anything.” He went to a Walgreens and got his blood drawn with a fingerstick.
During the course of their conversation, Parloff pointed out that Quest Diagnostics did 600 different tests. He asked Holmes if Theranos did all those tests, too. “Our platform can yield — I’m thinking of the best way to say this — we can do all those tests, so we can provide data back to clinicians for all the same tests,” she responded. That was a lie — we’ve heard testimony that Theranos devices couldn’t perform more than a handful of tests.
She went on to say that Theranos devices had been used in Afghanistan
Later, Holmes told Parloff that Theranos has “done work overseas for pharmaceutical companies and a little bit with foreign governments in the past, but right now we’ve got our work cut out for us here.” 
She went on to say that Theranos devices had been used in Afghanistan, but he was not to ask her board member, Gen. James “Mad Dog” Mattis, about it — it was off the record, and besides, Mattis couldn’t talk about it. Earlier in the trial, Mattis testified that to his knowledge, Theranos devices were never used overseas.
In another recording, Holmes said that she thought Theranos could do 1,000 tests on its proprietary machines. But only 200 tests are offered on the website, she claimed, because “we have operationalized certain tasks, expecting a certain set of ordering patterns.” The 200 are the most commonly-done ones, she said, “but we are adding to it.”
“Before the article comes out, we may have a new batch,” she added. This didn’t seem true, either — particularly given Theranos’ struggles with quality.
She seemed to be playing him
As Parloff’s testimony went on, I noticed how well she seemed to be playing him. At one point, she emailed Parloff to tell him, “As you know we want to generally keep the focus off the hardware. A way to do this if you are referring to it/the automation in our lab is to use the word analyzers which is likely the best word to use besides analytical systems (rather than the word device).”
Sources don’t get to dictate vocabulary in journalism — at least, not in good journalism. It wasn’t the first time she played Parloff, either. 
In one recording, she explained that the secrecy was because Theranos hadn’t finished filing its patents. “The fact we have a single device that can perform any test is a big deal,” she said.
“The next story is that it would be done by this device.” And it wasn’t just one story, she teased: the story after that would be about the decentralization of the devices. “Hopefully we have the opportunity to tell that story with you,” Holmes said. 
Parloff did more due diligence than most people who invested in Theranos
What happened here is pretty obvious — Holmes dangled future exclusives in exchange for the opportunity to dictate the terms of the article, even down to the vocabulary that Parloff used. The word “device” appears twice in his story, and neither time is it in reference to Theranos machines. 
Parloff wasn’t a chump, though; by the time he’d written the article, he’d already done more due diligence than most people who invested in Theranos. He’d heard that Theranos labs were still using venipuncture and asked Holmes about it. She said it was a problem of scaling.
He pressed: it wasn’t because her system couldn’t run certain tests? She answered by saying it was a matter of volume. “Our biggest point on that is our whole business is about eliminating the need for people to do venipuncture unless they want to, in which case they can, but everything we do is about eliminating that,” Holmes told him.
The exchange that defense lawyers are most likely to focus on, however, wasn’t recorded. Parloff asked Holmes directly if she kept, for instance, a Siemens analyzer on hand for overflow. “And she said ‘unh-unh,’ like a nonverbal response that said no,” Parloff testified. This was corroborated only by his notes.
“The technology is capable of running all those tests.”
Holmes also emailed Parloff the faked Pfizer and Schering-Plough reports that Theranos actually wrote, complete with conclusions that praised Theranos.
When the article was published, Holmes was effusive in her praise. She did not request corrections or complain about its contents — frankly unusual for a profile of any tech company. (Ask me about the time Apple spokespeople called to complain not about my facts but about my tone!)
Parloff continued talking to Holmes, probably because he was excited about getting more stories; he did get one about an Arizona law that made it easier for patients to buy their own lab tests from places such as, well, Theranos. In 2015, she told him that as of that year, Theranos had started using third-party analyzers, because their Arizona lab wasn’t certified to perform Theranos’ lab-developed tests. 
“The technology is capable of running all those tests,” she told him, lying. As we found out earlier in the trial, Theranos’ devices couldn’t perform more than about a dozen tests. 
It was remarkable to hear the recordings of Holmes lying in her own voice
Later that year, Parloff went to another demo, this time in the Boies Schiller law offices in New York. Two devices were there to perform tests on him: potassium (which didn’t work on Theranos devices, a former lab director testified) and Ebola. “Both machines were taking a long time, so I didn’t stay for the results,” Parloff said. He got his results that night. In another recording, Holmes instructed him not to say the same machine ran both of his tests.
Then the sky fell. John Carreyrou’s Wall Street Journal article published in October 2015. In the article, Carreyrou wrote that the majority of Theranos tests were done on third-party devices and Theranos devices were used for just 15 tests. Parloff immediately contacted Holmes. He asked how many tests Theranos could do as of December 2014. According to Parloff, Holmes lied again, saying, “50, 60, maybe 70, we can get you that number.”
It was remarkable to hear the recordings of Holmes lying in her own voice. We’ve heard now from multiple investors about what she told them, and it’s been consistent: the platform could do basically, well, everything; pharma companies had validated it; it had been used in the battlefield. But those investors didn’t record like Parloff did.
The defense will argue that Parloff’s cooperation with the prosecution in this trial was sour grapes — a journalist trying to get back at a source who duped him, and who’s trying to pass his own mistakes off onto Holmes. Today, though, the jury got to hear Holmes’ lies in her own voice.

In what may be one of the better pieces of performance art this year, Australian Geoffrey Huntley has created a website that promises to let you torrent an entire blockchain’s worth of NFTs. It’s called, appropriately, The NFT Bay, and it’s an almost exact replica of the famous pirating site (with an added cheeky DMCA takedown link). As a site, it seems to do what it says on the tin, but as a statement it could spark an interesting discussion around what it means if you claim ownership over something on the internet.
Pretty much every link on the site (except for the one that’s a Rick Roll) will eventually lead you to the description page, which would look right at home on the real Pirate Bay (according to my friend, who is definitely not me because I’ve never pirated anything). At the bottom is an actual download link — clicking on it will get you the torrent, letting you download a file called “preview.jpg” which shows off a bunch of Bored Ape images, as well as zip files that supposedly contain all the NFTs from the Ethereum and Solana blockchains. All told, the download is just under 20TB. That is, to put it mildly, a lot of image files.


 OMG WHO RIGHT CLICKED ALL OF THE #NFTs?☠️  ‍☠️ https://t.co/o0YRK78AkL  ‍☠️  pic.twitter.com/g74TFqzX0n— geoff      (@GeoffreyHuntley) November 18, 2021



A familiar argument is playing out in the replies to Huntley’s announcement tweet — NFT haters point to it as a triumph that proves NFTs have no value, and crypto fans try to prove how unbothered they are by replying in droves that it’s actually the proof of ownership, not the image, that gives NFTs their value. Thinking that you’re getting the same thing by saving the JPEG is a right-click mindset, as they say.
I mean, good art is supposed to spark discussion, right?
For his part, Huntley explains that part of his reasoning for making it was the fact that NFTs very often don’t store any media on the blockchain, instead just linking to a version stored on a potentially fragile web server. He also gives a much more in-depth explanation behind the influences for The NFT Bay in an FAQ on his GitHub and in an excellent interview with Motherboard.


What’s an NFT?
NFTs allow you to buy and sell ownership of unique digital items and keep track of who owns them using the blockchain. NFT stands for “non-fungible token,” and it can technically contain anything digital, including drawings, animated GIFs, songs, or items in video games. An NFT can either be one-of-a-kind, like a real-life painting, or one copy of many, like trading cards, but the blockchain keeps track of who has ownership of the file.
NFTs have been making headlines lately, some selling for millions of dollars, with high-profile memes like Nyan Cat and the “deal with it” sunglasses being put up for auction. There’s also a lot of discussion about the massive electricity use and environmental impacts of NFTs. If you (understandably) still have questions, you can read through our NFT FAQ.


What I enjoy most about The NFT Bay, though, is that it both takes NFT-boosters at their word and pokes fun at the concept. “You want to claim ownership over something,” it asks. “On the internet, that means someone’s going to pirate it.” And Huntley’s announcement message of “OMG WHO RIGHT CLICKED ALL OF THE #NFTs?” takes the “you wouldn’t download a JPEG” meme (shared by both supporters and critics alike) and says “bet.”
But there remains an obvious question: does it actually contain every NFT on the Ethereum blockchain? Regrettably, I don’t have an answer for you — trying to download the nearly 15TB zip file would put me so far over my data cap that Comcast would probably break down my door with a battering ram. However, others have shown that it is possible to download all the NFTs, so Huntley isn’t promising the impossible here (basically, your program would just have to find all the tokens on the blockchain and use the links they contain to download the media). Would it impact the artistic statement if someone finally finishes downloading it and discovers it doesn’t contain all the JPEGs? That’s probably something you’ll have to decide for yourself.










Unfortunately my laptop doesn’t have a 20TB internal SSD.


Unfortunately, it seems like you would have to go through the download process to experience the collection — as far as I can tell, the NFT Bay’s search function just returns the same results no matter what you put in it, despite the tantalizing checkboxes promising to let you see only CryptoPunks or Bored Ape Yacht Club images. 










I cackled so hard when I first saw these checkbox, before I realized they didn’t live up to the promise.


I guess that’s what happens when you’re relying on outdated, centralized, Web 2.0 tech to distribute your stolen NFTs. That’s why I’ll be waiting for the web3 version of LimeWire to build my right-click collection.

A quickly assembled group of crypto enthusiasts who crowdfunded an astonishing $47 million in funds to bid for a rare copy of the US Constitution lost out to a bidder with deeper pockets.
The group, ConstitutionDAO, said in an update on Discord that they did not win the auction at Sotheby’s tonight, which sold for a total of $43.2 million. The DAO’s organizers believed they would not have enough money to “insure, store, and transport the document” if they had made a higher bid.
The group assembled over the past week, mostly, it seems, because it seemed like a bunch of randos on the internet buying an important historical document would be a funny thing to do. Somehow, they managed to get enough interest to raise a huge sum in Ether. The organizers say they will refund all contributors, minus Ethereum network fees.


pic.twitter.com/6GVxlkvJbj— ConstitutionDAO ( ,  ) (@ConstitutionDAO) November 19, 2021



“While this wasn’t the outcome we hoped for, we still made history tonight with ConstitutionDAO,” the organizers wrote in an update. “This is the largest crowdfund for a physical object that we are aware of—crypto or fiat. We are so incredibly grateful to have done this together with you all and are still in shock that we even got this far.”
The bidding process, which should have been a thrilling and potentially celebratory moment for the thousands of contributors who stayed online to watch, ended up being a chaotic and messy event. Bids were made in person through representatives who bid anonymously on behalf of potential buyers. Bidding quickly jumped to $30 million, then ticked up million by million over the following minutes, with two representatives slowly going back and forth, conferring with the final pair of potential buyers by phone.
But no one knew which of the two representatives were bidding on behalf of ConstitutionDAO. In the group’s Discord, people spammed guesses about which of the two representatives was on their side. Even once the auction wrapped, no one knew who the winner was, and conflicting information trickled out through tweets and Twitter Spaces.
More than 10 minutes after bidding ended, ConstitutionDAO organizers finally posted an official update stating that they had not won the bid.
Despite the loss, the DAO’s ability to raise so much money so quickly, to garner the excitement of thousands, and to push the price up against another wealthy party is the latest example of individuals organizing at a large scale online. We’ve increasingly seen consumers join together financially to stand up to larger interests — though not always in successful or entirely coherent ways — like when a bunch of Redditors sent the stock of GameStop and a handful of other companies soaring in early 2021.
If it had succeeded, the DAO planned to determine the document’s future by vote based on governance tokens passed out to contributors and distributed through the Ethereum blockchain. With a loss instead, the DAO has to tackle another logistical issue: returning $47 million in Ether and dissolving what had, for a brief couple of days, been a multi-million dollar organization.

LG first said in January that Nvidia’s GeForce Now cloud gaming service was headed to some of its TVs, and now, it’s finally here — though as a beta. LG is rolling out the beta this week for “select 2021 LG 4K OLED, QNED Mini LED, and NanoCell TV models in 80 markets,” according to a press release. 
GeForce Now lets you play PC games you own on other devices via the cloud, and this new webOS app will make it easier to use the service on a bigger screen. That said, games will be capped at 60fps and 1080p resolution — you won’t be able to play GeForce Now games in 4K via the webOS app. (That feature is currently exclusive to Nvidia’s Shield TV set-top box.)
Every GeForce Now tier is supported, Nvidia tells The Verge, including the new tier that lets you play games on its dedicated RTX 3080 pods. Every gamepad-supported game works, too, the company says. If you don’t own any PC games yourself but still want to give the service a spin, there are more than 35 free-to-play games available on GeForce Now.
Nvidia says it plans to improve upon the current app by releasing updates in partnership with LG through 2022.

MediaTek has just announced its latest flagship processor: the Dimensity 9000, the company’s most powerful chip ever that looks like it should be able to go head to head with the best chips that more popular competitors like Qualcomm and Samsung offer. 
Where previous top-tier Dimensity chips (like last year’s Dimensity 1000) were still less powerful than contemporaries like Qualcomm’s Snapdragon 888 or Samsung’s Exynos 2100, the new Dimensity 9000 is coming out of the gate to make a case for 2022 Android flagships. 










The new Dimensity 9000 is the first mobile chip to be built on TSMC’s 4nm process, in addition to using Arm’s new v9 architecture. It’s also the first announcement CPU to use Arm’s new core designs: a single Cortex-X2 performance core clocked at 3.05GHz, three Cortex-A710 cores at 2.85GHz, and four Cortex-A510 efficiency cores at 1.8GHz. The GPU, meanwhile, is a 10-core Arm Mali-G710, along with MediaTek’s fifth-generation APU with six total cores for AI processing (which the company says offers four times the performance and power efficiency compared to its previous generation). 
The first 4nm smartphone processor
The new 18-bit Imagiq Gen 7 ISP claims to be the world’s first chip to be capable of capturing a 320-megapixel image (assuming your phone has a sensor that can shoot at that level), capable of transferring data at 9 gigapixels per second.
As one might expect for a modern smartphone chip, the Dimensity 9000 offers an onboard 5G modem with support for the 3GPP’s Release 16 specification. Notably, though, the new chip still lags behind competitors by only offering built-in sub-6GHz 5G support, without the faster mmWave standard. The Dimensity 9000 does claim to be the first smartphone to support Bluetooth 5.3 and will work with Wi-Fi 6E, too. 
It’s likely that MediaTek won’t be alone for long when it comes to using the latest Arm technologies — Qualcomm, for example, is widely expected to announce a successor to its Snapdragon 888 chipset at its annual Snapdragon Tech Summit on November 30th. But even if MediaTek finds that the Dimensity 9000 is merely in the same weight class as whatever Qualcomm announces this year, instead of a leap ahead, that’s a big win for MediaTek, which has largely lagged behind until now. 
MediaTek has long been an also-ran when it comes to major Android devices, but the Dimensity 9000 shows that it’s finally looking to really compete. The question now is whether phone manufacturers are ready to join it. 

A group of state attorneys general has announced an investigation into “the techniques utilized by Meta to increase the frequency and duration of engagement” of children and teens on Instagram and the negative effects that may cause (via The Wall Street Journal). The group, which includes officials from California, Florida, Kentucky, Massachusetts, Nebraska, New Jersey, New York, Tennessee, and Vermont, accuses the company of doing this despite reports that its own research showed its platform could have a negative effect on young people.
The research in question was exposed in a report from the Wall Street Journal, which said the company’s own documents show “Instagram Is Toxic for Teen Girls.” It was later discussed in a Senate hearing, where Facebook whistleblower Frances Haugen said that the company is unlikely to change its habit of putting profits above people’s well-being. The investigation will be looking into whether the company broke consumer protection laws in its quest to keep people engaging with content on Instagram. 


    Related
  
Facebook’s whistleblower report confirms what researchers have known for years

This group of attorneys general isn’t the only one taking action against Meta — Ohio’s attorney general is suing the company separately, accusing the company of misleading the public about its products’ effects on children. Meta said the suit was “without merit” and has largely pushed back against the reports from outlets like the WSJ, saying that the research published lacked context.
Some of the attorneys general involved in the investigation announced on Thursday were involved in an effort earlier this year to convince Meta — then Facebook — to stop working on an Instagram for kids. The company had previously announced its goal of making a version of the social network for people younger than 13 and would later say it was “pausing” work on it. Senate and House lawmakers have called the pause “insufficient,” arguing that the company had “completely forfeited the benefit of the doubt when it comes to protecting young people online, and it must completely abandon” the project.
Meta is concerned about young people not using its products
The company has made it clear that it wants to focus on the younger generation amid internal concerns that it’s struggling to attract and keep the attention of teens and 20-somethings. Mark Zuckerberg himself said in October that he wanted “serving young adults” to be some teams’ “north star.”
Massachusetts Attorney General Maura Healey, who is co-leading the investigative effort with Nebraska’s AG, said in a press release that Meta “failed to protect young people on its platforms and instead chose to ignore or, in some cases, double down on known manipulations that pose a real threat to physical and mental health — exploiting children in the interest of profit.” She vowed that the coalition would “get to the bottom of this company’s engagement with young users, identify any unlawful practices, and end these abuses for good.”
Correction November 18th, 6:53PM ET: The original version of this post misstated that the Ohio attorney general was suing the state. The suit is actually against Meta.

ExxonMobil’s spending spree during yesterday’s lease sale in the Gulf of Mexico was significant, experts say, because the company might use the area for something other than oil and gas extraction. Experts outside the company speculate that ExxonMobil wants to use Gulf waters for a novel purpose: sequestering captured carbon dioxide.
The Biden administration auctioned off vast tracts of the Gulf of Mexico to oil and gas companies yesterday in one of the largest federal lease sales in recent years. The sale drew sharp criticism from environmental groups, which say that allowing new oil and gas development is incompatible with America meeting its climate goals. But it’s possible that Exxon — the biggest bidder in yesterday’s sale — isn’t planning on extracting new fossil fuels at all. The company surprised analysts by bidding on almost 100 leases in shallow waters close to shore where fossil fuel reserves are pretty depleted. That likely means that Exxon plans to repurpose old oil and gas wells for carbon storage, or find new places in the area to pump captured CO2 underground, experts tell The Verge.
“There’s just not enough oil to make the bang for the buck worth it”
“There’s just not enough oil to make the bang for the buck worth it for them,” says Brian Snyder, an assistant professor of environmental sciences at Louisiana State University. 
William Turner, a lead analyst at energy research firm Rystad Energy, agreed, calling the lease areas “the equivalent of [Exxon] buying up a kind of mom and pop operation.” 
“This has to be for something other than oil and gas exploration,” Turner says.
ExxonMobil has yet to confirm or deny the speculation. In an email to The Verge, a spokesperson for the company said Exxon would “evaluate the seismic and subsurface geology for future commercial potential.”
If experts’ hunches are right, this would likely mark the first time that the government has leased federal waters for carbon sequestration.
This would likely mark the first time that the government has leased federal waters for carbon sequestration
Fossil fuel companies have sold carbon capture and sequestration (CCS) as a way to minimize the harm they do to the planet. The strategy entails using new technologies to scrub planet-heating CO2 out of smokestack emissions. The captured carbon dioxide then needs to be transported via pipelines to places where it can be stored underground. 
The Gulf of Mexico’s seafloor could become a hotspot for carbon sequestration because of its proximity to a lot of heavy industry and existing oil and gas infrastructure. Experts have suggested captured CO2 might be pumped into old oil and gas fields in the Gulf or injected into saline aquifers.  
ExxonMobil has called CCS part of its “ongoing efforts to reduce emissions.” This year, the company announced plans to turn the Houston Ship Channel into a sort of hub for CCS. The channel connects Houston to the Gulf of Mexico and is lined with petrochemical plants and other heavy industries. The plan could entail pairing those plants with CO2 scrubbers, and then piping the captured carbon dioxide out to the Gulf. By 2040, the hub could capture up to 100 million metric tons of CO2 a year, Exxon says. Such an effort would require a joint investment from industry and government, according to ExxonMobil — to the tune of $100 billion. 
High costs like this have historically been a prohibiting factor with carbon capture projects; they’re what closed the only coal plant outfitted with CCS in the US. But some new funding could become available through the bipartisan infrastructure bill that Joe Biden signed into law this week, which includes billions of dollars of investments in carbon capture and removal technologies and pipelines with a focus on so-called ‘hard-to-decarbonize’ industries like cement and fertilizer production.
Many people are, unsurprisingly, wary of fossil fuel companies’ claims about CCS. Environmentalists and progressive lawmakers have called CCS a “false solution” for climate change, saying that it could derail a transition to renewable energy and keep the economy dependent on oil and gas. Scientists agree that greenhouse gas emissions need to essentially disappear by the middle of the century in order to avoid catastrophic climate change, and that can only be achieved by weaning economies off fossil fuels.
“This industry has seen the Gulf as its own personal sewer”
“This industry has seen the Gulf as its own personal sewer for a long time, so the idea that they would turn to the Gulf for this project is unsurprising,” says Carroll Muffett, president and CEO of the nonprofit Center for International Environmental Law. “It’s also unacceptable because the risks of carbon capture and storage are significant,” he says. He’s worried about how construction and potential ruptures of new CO2 pipelines might affect Gulf Coast communities. High concentrations of carbon dioxide, if it leaks out of pipelines or storage wells, can be an asphyxiant to people and wildlife.
Another concern with CCS is that it has traditionally been used by the oil and gas industry for what’s called “enhanced oil recovery” (EOR). Basically, fossil fuel companies shoot the captured CO2 underground to push out hard-to-reach oil reserves.
“That would be my concern, that Exxon is actually doing this not just for storage, but for EOR,” Snyder says. “My guess is they’re actually doing a little of both.”
The Biden administration has already faced a lot of criticism for selling federal water leases to oil and gas companies just days after calling on all nations to slash greenhouse gas emissions during a United Nations climate summit in Glasgow. The lease sale was set in motion by the Trump administration, and a Trump-appointed federal judge blocked an executive order by Biden earlier this year to suspend new oil and gas leases. Still, environmentalists argue that Biden could have done more to stop yesterday’s sale.
But while the Biden administration might not have wanted to hold the lease sale, if ExxonMobil is in fact planning to store captured CO2 in the Gulf, that could change the administration’s calculus. 
“You could hypothesize with this, that maybe this gets the attention of the administration to say ‘Okay, maybe we need to rethink completely shutting down new leasing,’” Turner says.


    Related
  
The infrastructure deal could create pipelines for captured CO2 



A year into the computer chip shortage that’s heavily affecting vehicle production, Ford announced a collaboration with chipmaker GlobalFoundries Inc., as The Wall Street Journal first reported. 
Ford’s press release about the non-binding agreement is light on specifics but mentions plans “to advance semiconductor manufacturing and technology development within the United States.” Without committing to building any plants, the two companies say they will “explore expanded semiconductor manufacturing opportunities to support the automotive industry.” Speaking during an event later in the day, GM CEO Mark Reuss said his company is working to co-develop new chips with many semiconductor partners like Qualcomm, TSMC, and others. 
Ford’s VP of vehicle embedded software and controls, Chuck Gray, told the WSJ that “[we] feel like we can really boost our product performance and our tech independence at the same time.” GlobalFoundries spun off from AMD in 2009, eventually becoming the world’s fourth-largest semiconductor manufacturer, behind TSMC, Samsung, and UMC, according to TrendForce. It manufactures chips for other companies like AMD, Qualcomm, and even Samsung. The company went public last month, and its CEO said at the time that its chip supply is sold out through 2023.
“it’s about time for us to catch up”
The car industry’s demand for chips has risen in recent years to accommodate new technology in vehicles. However, many rely on older, cheaper technology and make smaller orders than a company like Apple or Nvidia. Throw in pandemic-related supply chain issues and a fire at a key plant, and you have a situation that could last for years.


    Related
  
The chip shortage will likely get worse before it gets better 

After announcing the electric F-150 in May, Ford CEO Jim Farley told The Verge that its plan to address the chip shortage involved going direct, and now we’re seeing what that looks like.

There’s a big push from a number of chip makers and foundries to do the manufacturing in the United States, to get various incentives from the administration to support that investment. All of that still looks like 10 years out. How do you solve the chip shortage today? Do you just wait it out, or are there steps you can take?
Well, there’s certainly things we can do. For single-source content, like the Renesas Naka facility that had a fire, those single-sourced chips, we can run some buffer stocks. Which is not ideal. It’s kind of a waste, but it’s better than running out of what we have.
The other thing we can do is to give the foundries more confidence in future production by going direct with them. So on behalf of our supply base, actually going and contracting purchases. I think boots on the ground in places like Taiwan and China and Asia are going to be more important for us.
I think there’s certainly things we can do to make it better. We are starting to see some confidence in the second half of this year, but when I talk to my colleagues at Cisco, and Dell, and other companies, they run the supply chain totally different than automotive. And it’s about time for us to catch up.

He also mentioned that the plans to help build company autonomy mean bringing in “real expertise on silicon and chip design.” Having software and chip design knowledge in-house is helpful if you’re like Tesla and decide to rewrite your vehicle software to work on the chips that are available. In today’s announcement, Farley says, “This agreement is just the beginning and a key part of our plan to vertically integrate key technologies and capabilities that will differentiate Ford far into the future.”
In February, the F-150 was hit hard by the global chip shortage as it reportedly cut production of Ford’s most popular vehicle in half. Several of Ford’s North American plants shut down at times this year as a result of the shortages. The effects have been felt across the industry similarly, with plant shutdowns and the removal of features like heated seats in Chevy trucks, touchscreens in BMWs, and USB ports in some Teslas. 


    Related
  
The chip shortage will likely get worse before it gets better 



Facebook parent company Meta said it is testing new ways for users to customize the content they see in their News Feeds. The company said in a blog post Thursday that the test, available to a “small percentage” of users to start, would allow people to adjust their preferences to increase or reduce the amount of content they see from specific friends, family, groups, and pages they’re connected with on the platform. 
Facebook has tweaked the way the News Feed presents content numerous times in the past several years and seems to keep rethinking what content should be prioritized and why. In 2015, it said it was changing News Feeds to favor content from close friends over that from brands and publishers. In 2016, Facebook said again it would adjust its algorithm so posts from friends would get priority over publishers. Then in 2018, the company said it was changing the News Feed so posts that might spark “back and forth discussion” (aka engagement, which is Facebook’s bread-and-butter) would be more likely to appear than more passive content.
Guess what Facebook did in 2020? Well, a few things, but also it tweaked the News Feed yet again, this time to favor more trustworthy and quality news sources. It rolled back that “nicer” version of the News Feed in December 2020 to the reported chagrin of some Facebook employees.
How the social media giant controls its News Feed has largely been a mystery, but Facebook released a report in September it said would give the public some insights into how it decides what content it suppresses, or “demotes” — like clickbait and posts from those who repeatedly violate its rules.


    Related
  
Meta goes into lockdown

But now users in the new test will be able to turn down the volume on friends, family, pages, and groups in their News Feeds if they prefer. Meta said in the blog post that this was “part of our ongoing work to give people more control over News Feed, so they see more of what they want and less of what they don’t.” Sounds great! Again!
Facebook is also going to make changes to news controls for its business customers, expanding the “topic exclusion” controls to a test group of advertisers that run ads in English. The advertisers can select from three topic groups — news and politics, social issues, and crime and tragedy— so that they can prevent their ads from appearing near posts about those topics if they prefer. 

Following a bombshell Wall Street Journal report that Activision Blizzard CEO Bobby Kotick allegedly knew, withheld, and even participated in harassment and abusive behavior, the company’s big console partners Sony and Microsoft are semi-privately expressing their distress. Bloomberg is now reporting that Microsoft boss Phil Spencer has now told staff he was “disturbed and deeply troubled by the horrific events and actions” at Activision Blizzard and that Microsoft is “evaluating all aspects of our relationship with Activision Blizzard and making ongoing proactive adjustments” as a result.
“The Bloomberg report is accurate,” a Microsoft spokesperson tells The Verge. Microsoft also shared a generic, completely unrelated statement about how Microsoft wants a “welcoming and inclusive environment for all of our employees at Xbox.”
Yesterday, Sony PlayStation boss Jim Ryan similarly told employees that the company had expressed “deep concern” with Activision Blizzard, according to Bloomberg, adding that “[we] do not believe their statements of response properly address the situation.”
These private statements from Sony and Microsoft obviously don’t carry anywhere near the same weight as if these companies publicly called out the situation at Activision Blizzard, and it’s not clear if either company is interested in taking any concrete actions yet. Activision Blizzard is one of the most powerful publishers in the video game industry, and both console makers rely on them to provide new big-budget games for their consoles. 
That said, Microsoft and Sony also want to be seen as committed to a less toxic video game industry, and Phil Spencer, in particular, has made combating toxicity part of his public brand. “This type of behavior has no place in our industry,” reads part of Spencer’s new memo about Activision Blizzard, according to Bloomberg. 


    Related
  
Over 500 Activision Blizzard employees petition to remove CEO Bobby Kotick
Activision Blizzard’s rot goes all the way to the CEO, alleges bombshell report

“We respect all feedback from our valued partners and are engaging with them further,” Activision Blizzard said in a statement. “We have detailed important changes we have implemented in recent weeks, and we will continue to do so. We are committed to the work of ensuring our culture and workplace are safe, diverse, and inclusive. We know it will take time, but we will not stop until we have the best workplace for our team.”
While over 1,000 Activision Blizzard employees have signed a petition to remove CEO Bobby Kotick from the company, and some shareholders have demanded his resignation, the board of directors has so far signaled they’re confident in his leadership. 
[Disclosure: Casey Wasserman is on the board of directors for Activision Blizzard as well as the board of directors of Vox Media, The Verge’s parent company.]
Update November 18th, 5:10PM ET: Added statement from Activision Blizzard.

Update November 18th, 3:55PM ET: Walmart has sold out of both PlayStation 5 consoles and the Xbox Series X. We’ll be sure to keep you updated when we hear of another round of free or paywalled restocks.
Console restocks are getting more and more frequent these days — particularly as the Black Friday season heats up and early Black Friday deals continue to roll out — but retailers have been quick to cull the herd of potential customers by putting some stock behind paid subscription services. Walmart has a next-gen console restock happening today at 3PM ET / 12PM PT, though, it’s exclusive to Walmart Plus paid subscribers. You can queue up to purchase a disc-based PlayStation 5 for $500, a PlayStation 5 Digital Edition for $400, or an Xbox Series X console for $500.
Be sure to log into your Walmart Plus account ahead of time, and it’s always a good practice to save your billing and shipping in your account ahead of time. Note that you’ll need to be a paid subscriber to Walmart Plus for a chance to buy any of these three consoles, as a free trial account will not be accepted. 
A Walmart Plus subscription costs $13 per month or $98 per year and promises early and special access to deals — such as console restocks like this one and a four-hour early window on Black Friday deals. It also includes free shipping options akin to competitors like Amazon Prime.

















PlayStation 5




                $500
              





Sony’s flagship next-gen console, which includes a disc drive, allows you to play both digital and physical games for the PS4 and PS5. 







              $500
              

at Best Buy
            






















PlayStation 5 Digital Edition 




                $400
              





The PS5 Digital Edition costs $400. Compared to the standard PS5, this console is $100 less and does not include a Blu-ray disc drive.







              $400
              

at Target
            






















Microsoft Xbox Series X




                $500
              





The Xbox Series X is Microsoft’s flagship console, serving as its most powerful (and biggest) option. While the Series S is aimed at smooth 1440p performance and takes a disc-less aproach, the $500 Series X is focused on fast, 4K gameplay.







              $500
              

at Walmart
            






Accessories for PlayStation

















Cosmic red DualSense PS5 controller




                $74
              





Like the original DualSense controller, the cosmic red model features adaptive triggers and haptic feedback but with a vibrant red-and-black design.







              $74
              

at Walmart
            





              $75
              

at Best Buy
            






















Sony Pulse 3D headset




                $99
              





Sony’s Pulse 3D wireless gaming headset is worth the roughly $100 price tag if you want a wireless model that can let the audio in some PS5-exclusive games shine. It sounds fantastic with titles like Spider-Man: Miles Morales and Demon’s Souls, as well as more recent hits like Ratchet & Clank: Rift Apart. Like the console, this headset has been a little tough to find, but it’s coming back in stock more frequently these days. Sony also released a midnight black version of the headset for $100.







              $99
              

at Walmart
            





              $100
              

at Best Buy
            






















PlayStation Plus (annual subscription)




                $38
              

                $60
              

                  37% off
                





A membership to PlayStation Plus allows PlayStation 4 and PS5 owners to play games online, download free titles every month, and take advantage of discounts on the PS Store.







              $38
              

at Eneba
            





              $60
              

at Walmart
            





Accessories for Xbox

















Xbox Wireless Controller




                $49
              

                $60
              

                  19% off
                





Microsoft’s latest Xbox controller features a Share button and a USB-C charging port if you decide to use the optional rechargeable battery.







              $49
              

at GameStop
            





              $55
              

at Walmart
            






















Xbox Wireless Headset




                $100
              





You don’t have to miss a call while you game thanks to Microsoft’s Xbox Wireless Headset, which often sells for $89 instead of its full $100. In our review, we found it to be a comfortable, intuitively designed headset that’s well worth its cost. In addition to working well with Xbox consoles, it can connect to another device simultaneously via Bluetooth.








              $100
              

at Best Buy
            





              $89
              

at Walmart
            






















Xbox Game Pass Ultimate (three months)




                $45
              





Xbox Game Pass Ultimate offers access to more than 100 games, including Doom, Gears 5, and the soon-to-be-released Halo Infinite, which you’ll be able to play on multiple devices.







              $45
              

at Target
            












        Sign up for the
        
          newsletter
        
      
      Verge Deals
    
Subscribe to get the best Verge-approved tech deals of the week.






Just one more thing!
Please confirm your subscription to Verge Deals via the verification email we just sent you.




Email (required)






        By signing up, you agree to our Privacy Notice and European users agree to the data transfer policy.
        
      
Subscribe






The US government has seized $56 million worth of cryptocurrency from an admitted participant in the BitConnect scam and intends to sell the coins and use the proceeds to reimburse victims. The Department of Justice says that it’s the largest recovery of cryptocurrency to date — and that it was willingly given up by Los Angeles resident Glenn Arcaro, who has called himself BitConnect’s “number one promoter.”
According to the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), BitConnect convinced people to invest a total of $2 billion by telling them that it had a bot capable of generating incredibly high rates of return from crypto trading. In other words, BitConnect sold itself as a way for people to easily invest in cryptocurrency and to make a lot of money doing so, at a time when people were hearing a lot about crypto but didn’t know much about it (around 2016 through 2018). 
In reality, the DOJ says it was all a scam — BitConnect used money from new investors to pay old ones (otherwise known as a Ponzi scheme), and its advocates built pyramid schemes where they would get a cut for convincing others to invest by promising them the same deal. In September, Arcaro pleaded guilty to participating in both parts of the scam while allegedly posting videos online to make fun of BitConnect doubters. He said that he had earned what was then valued at $24 million by his participation.

Some may also remember BitConnect from a heavily memed presentation given by one of its investors, who repeatedly shouted “BitConneeeeeect” and said that his wife accused him of falling for a scam.
While BitConnect largely traded in Bitcoin (victims would buy BitConnect’s own BCC tokens using Bitcoin and could ostensibly convert BCC back into Bitcoin through a convoluted process), the government plans to reimburse victims in USD. The DOJ’s press release says that the law enforcement arm of the US Postal Service will be helping convert the crypto to fiat currency. The government has set up a website for victims who are looking for compensation after the court sentences Arcaro in January 2022.

Over 1,000 employees and contractors at Activision Blizzard have now signed and published a petition to remove CEO Bobby Kotick from the company, doubling the number of signatures since the petition was made public. 
“We, the undersigned, no longer have confidence in the leadership of Bobby Kotick as the CEO of Activision Blizzard. The information that has come to light about his behaviors and practices in the running of our companies runs counter to the culture and integrity we require of our leadership—and directly conflicts with the initiatives started by our peers. We ask that Bobby Kotick remove himself as CEO of Activision Blizzard, and that shareholders be allowed to select the new CEO without the input of Bobby, who we are aware owns a substantial portion of the voting rights of the shareholders.”
In a surprising move, the petition goes on to list the names, titles, and departments of the workers, which could potentially expose the signatories to retaliation.
The petition comes days after a bombshell report alleging Kotick knew about, enabled, and even participated in a culture of misconduct and harassment that has drawn the attention of government authorities. In response, the company’s board of directors issued a statement saying it would continue to support Kotick, even as a small group of shareholders demanded his removal. 
This petition is the latest development in a series of worker-led actions against the company, which now includes two walkouts and the formation of an employee advocacy group, A Better ABK. Since we first published this story, A Better ABK has shared a link to a second petition to remove Kotick that it is asking supporters to sign. As of this writing, it has more than 2,600 signatures.


https://t.co/cX9TC4Q1s5We have had several people reaching out and asking what they can do to be an active supporter of ABK Worker's Alliance. As employees move to sign a petition calling for the removal of Bobby Kotick, we call for our supporters to sign a petition of their own— ABetterABK   ABK Workers Alliance (@ABetterABK) November 18, 2021



Disclosure: Casey Wasserman is on the board of directors for Activision Blizzard as well as the board of directors of Vox Media, The Verge’s parent company.
Update November 18th, 4:35PM ET: The petition has surpassed 1,000 signatures.

Apple employees will return to offices starting February 1st as part of a hybrid work pilot and will be able to work remotely for four weeks a year. First reported by The Information, employees learned of the news Thursday via an internal memo from CEO Tim Cook. The company had previously offered two weeks of remote work per year but added two more weeks to give “more opportunity to travel, be closer to your loved ones, or simply shake up your routines,” Cook’s memo said.
The pilot will start workers at one or two days in the office, then in March, workers will come to the office to work on Monday, Tuesday, and Thursday. They’ll be able to work from home on Wednesdays and Fridays. Some employees may be asked to come into the office four or five days a week if their roles require more time in the office. 
Cook first announced the hybrid work model in June, when the company was planning a September return to offices that was moved back to October, then January, and now, to February. Some Apple employees pushed back strongly against the hybrid model, writing in an internal letter to Cook that they wanted a more flexible policy that allowed anyone who wanted to work from home to do so.
Apple didn’t immediately reply to a request from The Verge for more details on the company’s office return. Following widespread closures of Apple stores during the height of the pandemic in 2020, the company reopened its retail stores earlier this year, with mask requirements in place. 

Apple has completed “much of the core work” on a new processor meant to power its secretive autonomous electric car project known as Titan, Bloomberg’s Mark Gurman reports. The milestone comes as Apple is reportedly now accelerating its timeline for the autonomous car it’s developing, with a new target of launching it in just four years. 
Apple’s own silicon team designed the chip, which Gurman says is the “most advanced component” that’s been developed for the project so far. The company is apparently getting ready to put the chip through its real-world paces in its fleet of test vehicles in California and hopes to make a vehicle with “stronger safeguards than what’s available from Tesla and Waymo,” according to the report. 
The goal now for Project Titan, after multiple pivots, is to create an autonomous car that does not have a steering wheel. The interior would be spacious and look more like the limousine-style seating arrangement that EV startup Canoo has promoted in its electric van prototypes. Apple was at one point in talks to acquire Canoo, as The Verge reported earlier this year, and recently hired one of the startup’s co-founders. There would be a large, iPad-style touchscreen display that will run a user interface similar to iOS.
The business model is reportedly still undecided, though. Apple has considered trying to create a self-driving fleet to compete with Uber, Lyft, and Waymo (something Tesla has proposed but is still very far from executing), but Gurman reports that the “more likely scenario” is that Apple will sell the cars to individuals.
On the electric vehicle side of things, Apple is reportedly not looking to develop a proprietary charging cable for the car. Instead, it wants to make the vehicle compatible with the “combined charging system,” or CCS standard, which would make it possible to charge the vehicle at most public fast charging stations. 
Of course, all of this comes after years of reported changes to the project, which was started in 2014. Five different executives have run Project Titan after Apple Watch lead Kevin Lynch took over earlier this year. The refocusing and timeline shift reported by Bloomberg could be a sign that there’s real progress being made with him at the helm, or it could just become the newest footnote in whatever the project turns into next.

The Federal Communications Commission voted unanimously on Thursday to expand access to the National Suicide Prevention Lifeline by letting people text 988 starting next year. Text message providers have to support the three-digit code by July 16th, 2022, which is when the code will go into effect. On that same date, people will also be able to dial 988 to access Lifeline following a 2020 FCC ruling. People in need of help before calling or texting 988 is an option can call 1-800-273-8255 (TALK) or get connected to a counselor through an online chat.
FCC chair Jessica Rosenworcel said in a tweet that nearly 6,000 Americans call the Lifeline on an average day. “As we know from 911, creating an easy-to-remember 3 digit number makes it easier for people to get help when they need it most,” she said. By allowing people to call or text the shorter 988 number, the Lifeline could be more accessible for people to turn to in a time of distress.
“With today’s decision to require providers to support text messaging to 988, the FCC has created a new vehicle for people to access help,” Daniel H. Gillison, Jr., CEO of the National Alliance on Mental Illness, said in a statement. “The ability to text 988 will support at-risk communities, including youth and young adults, marginalized and underserved populations, and individuals who are deaf and hard of hearing.”


If you or anyone you know is considering suicide or is anxious, depressed, upset, or needs to talk, there are people who want to help:
In the US:
Crisis Text Line: Text START to 741741 from anywhere in the USA, at any time, about any type of crisis
The National Suicide Prevention Lifeline: 1-800-273-8255
The Trevor Project: 1-866-488-7386
Outside the US:
The International Association for Suicide Prevention lists a number of suicide hotlines by country. Click here to find them.
Befrienders Worldwide: https://www.befrienders.org/need-to-talk



Update November 18th, 5:16PM ET: Added statement from the National Alliance on Mental Illness.

Belkin has a pair of new wireless Apple Watch chargers it’s announcing today, which are notably the first third-party chargers to support the newly added fast charging on the Apple Watch Series 7. 
The larger of the two is the $149.95 BoostCharge Pro 3-in-1 Wireless Charging Pad with MagSafe, which follows in the footsteps of last year’s 3-in-1 Belkin charger. In addition to adding Series 7 fast charging, Belkin has ditched the odd sculptural design on the previous model in favor of a more normal-looking flat rectangular pad that will probably fit better on a nightstand. 










The BoostCharge Pro 3-in-1 Wireless Charging Pad with MagSafe
Image: Belkin


The new charger aims to hit the perfect trio of Apple charging: full-speed 15W MagSafe charging for an iPhone, Series 7 fast charging for an Apple Watch, and a regular Qi charger for the AirPods. Of course, as has always been the case with Belkin’s combination chargers, the $150 price tag is far more than what it would cost to buy individual MagSafe, fast-charging Series 7 Apple Watch, and Qi chargers, meaning that you’re paying a decent premium for style and convenience here. That price also does include a 40W power adapter, so you’re at least getting a one-stop solution for your money.
The other new charger here is a bit more baffling: the BoostCharge Pro Portable Fast Charger for Apple Watch, which is a pop-up Apple Watch charging stand that costs $59.95. Despite the “portable” in the name, Belkin’s solo charger isn’t a battery pack-style setup for recharging an Apple Watch while you’re out and about. And even more baffling, that $60 price tag doesn’t include a power adapter: while there’s an integrated USB-C cable built into the stand, you’ll have to provide your own 20W wall adapter to actually use it. 










The BoostCharge Pro Portable Fast Charger for Apple Watch
Image: Belkin


The net result is a larger, bulkier version of the fast-charging cable that Apple includes with every Apple Watch Series 7 — except that Belkin’s version costs literally twice the standalone cable’s $29 price. 
Looking more broadly, though, is the fact that the new Belkin fast chargers show — once again — the intentional limits of Apple’s MFi program. The new chargers from Belkin are the only third-party fast chargers on the market right now, and if the pattern of last year’s glacial MagSafe rollout is anything to go by, it’ll be some time before other companies are able to get the approval (and the parts) from Apple to make other options. 


    Related
  
Apple’s been playing it too MagSafe

Both the $59.95 BoostCharge Pro Portable Fast Charger for Apple Watch and 149.95 BoostCharge Pro 3-in-1 Wireless Charging Pad with MagSafe are available to order today from Belkin and Apple’s respective websites in the US, Japan, Hong Kong, and China, with availability in more countries promised in the coming months. 

In the past several days, a number of headers, profile pictures, and tweets have disappeared across the wide network of BTS fan Twitter accounts. The culprit, the account owners say, is a recent barrage of fake DMCA takedown notices. Outcry from fans resulted in #TwitterMaliciousDMCA trending worldwide on Wednesday night.
The owner of a fan account with over 233,000 followers, which posts videos, photos, and memes related to the South Korean band, claims that their original header and profile picture, as well as multiple tweets including their own screenshots and memes, have been taken down by the trolls over the past few weeks. 
Per the owner’s screenshots, the attackers appear to have reposted the account’s header on a spoof website in a backdated post, then claimed to Twitter that the image was their own. The spoof websites appear to have been taken down as of this writing, but the account’s header remains suspended “in response to a report from the copyright holder.”
“Not gonna lie, this has been making me rather anxious,” the account owner tweeted. 


Hello, with copyright harassment going on for the past 24hrs (4 strikes), I've decided to go private for the next few days – soon!Updates will still go on, probably slower! If you'd like faster updates, feel free to join the Telegram channel (https://t.co/SEPXep0fys) – (1/3) pic.twitter.com/qjNnz0os9x— BTS UPDATES⁷ | @BTSdailyinfo (@BTSdailyinfo) November 2, 2021



The group claiming to be behind these attacks calls themselves Team Copyright, and purports to be based in Dhaka, Bangladesh. The group’s Facebook page is full of screenshots indicating that its members are responsible for the various copyright takedowns. It’s also full of threatening and discriminatory posts — the group claims it will “destroy the toxic fanbase” and criticizes BTS for “promotion of atheism and homosexuality.” 
A number of prominent BTS fan accounts, many of which have millions of followers, appear to have been hit by these notices. The profile pictures and headers of @bts_worldwide, @charts_k (which tracks the band’s positions on various charts), @btsvotingorg (which nudges followers to vote for the artists for music awards), @bts_trans (which shares English translations of the group’s social media posts), and @taehyungpics (which posts periodic pictures of BTS member V) are all in copyright limbo as of this writing. 
Fans have scrambled to create second accounts, but those still don’t appear to be safe — tweets from a backup for Germany’s fan base are currently suspended due to a copyright claim, while the group’s primary account has replaced its header and footer with blank colors. 
The attackers have even hit the band members a few times. Per screenshots widely shared among BTS fans, takedown notices resulted in the temporary removal of selfies from members RM and Suga that were posted from the band’s verified account over the summer, as well as the brief suspension of an official handle. (Both photos and the account have since been reinstated; Hybe, the label that manages BTS, has not responded to an inquiry about the reason behind their removals.) 


They even took down actual photos posted by @BTS_twt and had suspended an official account @BTSW_official pic.twitter.com/7fmD8KJ1YQ— bora    (@modooborahae) November 17, 2021



Fans across Twitter have sprung to action, aggressively reporting the page to Facebook, tagging Twitter support in comments, and flooding Bangladesh’s minister of state for foreign affairs with tweets. Despite those efforts, Team Copyright’s page remains active as of this writing.
Twitter and Facebook have not responded to requests for comment. 





If you’re still stuck on level 1 of the Halo Infinite Battle Pass, fear not, as 343 Industries’s promised changes to progression are now live. 
The existing Halo Infinite Battle Pass makes it difficult to level up, as you’re limited to completing daily or weekly challenges instead of earning XP for every game you play. While that isn’t changing yet, 343 Industries has added “Play 1 game” challenges, which will “help make sure you consistently progress through the Battle Pass by playing matches the way you want,” according to Halo community manager John Junyszek.


To address the feedback on Battle Pass progression we will be making targeted tunings to our model later this week.To start, we'll be adding "Play 1 Game" challenges to help make sure you consistently progress through the Battle Pass by playing matches the way you want.— John Junyszek (@Unyshek) November 18, 2021



343 Industries will also be removing some weekly challenges and fixing bugs with others, but these changes do have a small price. “When we make this update, we’ll need to reset your challenges, including your progress towards weekly ones,” explains Junyszek. “To make up for this reset, we’ll be granting this week’s Ultimate Reward, the Sigil Mark VII Visor, to everyone who logs in from November 23rd to November 30th.” 


#HaloInfinite players can now earn XP by completing matchmade games. The "Play 1 Game" Daily Challenge is worth 50 XP each. The Challenge deck is also being updated to better serve players of all skill levels. (1/4)— Halo Support (@HaloSupport) November 18, 2021



XP boosts will also now double in duration, lasting for an hour instead of 30 minutes, which will help for longer Big Team Battles games. We may even see further changes to the XP and progression systems in Halo Infinite in the future, too. “We’ll be watching these changes closely to make sure they have the positive impact we all want on your progression,” says Junyszek. “This is only our first step - we are committed to continue evolving these systems but it will take time.”










The XP boost changes should help during Big Team Battles.
Screenshot by Sean Hollister / The Verge


Criticism around the Halo Infinite Battle Pass progression has been getting increasingly louder across the community of Halo fans this week after the surprise early release of Halo Infinite multiplayer on Monday. While multiplayer previews over the summer felt like an exciting return to form, we had concerns around the Battle Pass progression and XP systems. 343 Industries still went ahead with the same systems, despite concerns from many during the technical previews.
It’s encouraging to see quick changes, though. This opening Halo Infinite season will last until May, which is double the three months that had originally been promised. That extra time could be why 343 Industries kept the slow Battle Pass progression in the first place, but we’ll have to check out the changes in practice to see if they make a big difference.
Update November 18th, 12:03PM ET: The promised changes are now live.

Last week, Spotify announced plans to spend an undisclosed amount of money to acquire Findaway, an audiobook creation and distribution company that plays a major role in the industry. The announcement likely made sense to anyone who’s been paying attention to Spotify’s audio moves, but for those who haven’t, to sum it up plainly: Spotify wants to be the place you consume all audio. This purchase sets it up to achieve that goal. When you open Spotify this time next year, the app will likely highlight an Armchair Expert episode alongside Taylor Swift’s newest single alongside Barack Obama’s newest book. It’ll be a crowded, but potentially powerful, destination.
At the same time, though, Spotify getting knee-deep in audiobooks is a wildly different proposition than podcasts. There are powerful publishers to handle, a separate revenue model, a higher barrier to entry, and lots of IP rights to navigate. In the interest of better understanding why Spotify sees a future in the space, let’s break it down by what you need to know when thinking about this deal.
Findaway is Anchor for audiobooks
Let’s start with the most approachable idea for us podcast folks. Akin to how Spotify bought Anchor to make recording and publishing a podcast easy, Findaway plays a similar role in the audiobook space. Now, it’s not as easy as recording audio on your phone, overlaying some music, and pressing publish to make an audiobook, at least a quality one. Audiobooks often involve a narrator, if not actors, audio clips, and more. It’s usually on the level of a highly produced podcast.
Findaway operates a business called Voices that sets authors up with a narrator and ensures content gets made well, but in exchange, authors pay Findaway to make that happen and use their services. This offers a clear business opportunity for Spotify. It’ll interface with creators, something it already does through Anchor and its music work, and generate revenue at the same time. It likely can improve on Findaway’s tech, too, given that it has an entire team dedicated to cracking on-the-go recording in Anchor. 
Once a book is recorded, Findaway can distribute it, too, which generates revenue. This leads us to the next thing to think about in relation to this deal.












Enjoying this story? Hot Pod is a newsletter from The Verge that delivers news, analysis, and opinions on the audio industry written by Ashley Carman. The weekly Tuesday issue is free, and you can subscribe to two additional Hot Pod Insider newsletters per week for $7 / month or $70 / year.  


Findaway turns Spotify into an audiobook distributor
Spotify will now play an integral role in the audiobook world — major publishing houses entrust Findaway to distribute their content to retailers, libraries, and listening platforms. Unlike in podcasting where hosts have an RSS feed they can input wherever they want their show to populate, audiobook publishers and authors generally work with a distributor to get their content to storefronts and make sure all the data is properly inserted, among other things. Findaway’s solution is called AudioEngine.
Mark Pearson, the CEO and founder of Libro.fm, which sells audiobooks and supports independent bookstores, says this distribution business is critical to consider when thinking about Spotify’s deal. His platform works with Findaway to bring books to the Libro.fm app in some cases, and he says the reason many publishers distribute through Findaway is because “what we [on the app side] do on the backend is actually not trivial,” he says. “There’s a lot that goes into it with metadata and files and to deliver that in an app format for the listener is really hard work.” This would be a lot of labor for one organization to handle adequately.
One familiar podcasting company is also already working with Findaway for distribution of its audiobooks: author Malcolm Gladwell’s Pushkin Industries. CMO Heather Fain tells me the team partners with Findaway to distribute their audiobooks everywhere other than Audible. The reason to do so is because it’s easier than managing the plethora of places where a book populates. Findaway distributes the audiobooks and makes sure they show up properly across various apps and platforms, including Apple Books, Kobo, public libraries, and Libro.fm. (Yes, there could be a world in which Spotify is providing audiobooks to Apple.) However the distribution deal is structured, Findaway is making money, representing a new revenue line for Spotify. 
Finally, there’s one more aspect of this deal to think about: Spotify will become a bookseller. 
With Findaway on its side and audiobooks now seemingly a priority, Spotify will likely start selling them from within the app. This could be essential for Spotify in its quest to be the place people can get all their audio. It’s a retention strategy — don’t move to Audible for your audiobooks, stay on Spotify — and also might recruit people to the platform if the offering is competitive. 
If Spotify sells books a la carte, the margins will be much higher compared to podcasts. Even a CPM of $50 in podcasting means a podcaster is only making five cents per listener. Charging each listener $15 for access to an audiobook is a more lucrative arrangement.
Plus, Spotify gets to double-dip on revenue: anywhere Findaway is involved, Spotify makes money — as a retailer, as well as through audiobook production and distribution. 
Looking to the future, I imagine Spotify could end up offering different subscription tiers that allow paying subscribers to download an audiobook a month, a la Audible and others. It could also try to launch an unlimited audiobooks plan, like its Swedish competitor Storytel. There’s also the possibility of Spotify making an exclusives play where it signs deals with publishers and authors to bring books to its platform — a classic Audible move, but one that would make extra sense given Spotify’s penchant for exclusive podcasts. If Spotify can become a main place people buy and listen to audiobooks, in addition to all other audio, it also might be able to strong-arm publishers into putting more books on its platform at more favorable prices.
If Spotify’s pace in the podcasting world is any indication, the audiobooks integration could happen fast. It only took Spotify two or so years to start claiming that it’s the top podcasting app. Can it do the same for audiobooks? 







        Sign up for the
        
          newsletter
        
      
      Hot Pod
    
Every Tuesday receive analysis, insights, and commentary on the growing audio industry.






Thanks for signing up!
Check your inbox for a welcome email.




Email (required)






        By signing up, you agree to our Privacy Notice and European users agree to the data transfer policy.
        
      
Subscribe






Microsoft is planning to add a new price tracker to its Edge browser, as well as a new feature that will let people easily change their passwords if they’ve been leaked online. The price tracking feature will be available soon and is designed to track products you’ve recently viewed and alert you of price changes.
Microsoft has focused a lot on shopping improvements with its Edge browser and already has price comparison, price history, and built-in coupons in Edge. “This feature is coming soon and will be built into the browser, so you just need to browse as you normally would, and Microsoft Edge will let you know if any of the items you’ve recently looked at have changed in price,” explains Liat Ben-Zur, a Microsoft executive working on the company’s “Modern Life” initiative.
It’s not clear yet how Microsoft will handle the obvious privacy concerns of its browser tracking products you’re searching for online and their associated prices. Microsoft has traditionally offered a number of privacy-focused controls in Edge, so we’d expect to see similar options here.
Speaking of privacy, Edge is also getting a new useful password tool. Microsoft is piloting a new feature in Edge that will make it easy to update your passwords if they’re leaked online. Edge already monitors leaked passwords if you allow it to do so, and soon you’ll be able to navigate directly to a site’s change password page for affected credentials. Edge will then create a new, unique, and strong password. “Easy update is only available across a limited number of sites to start, but we will be working diligently to expand this list in the coming months,” says Ben-Zur.

Along with their usual dose of sports, beer, and violence, NFL fans will also get a digital token included with the purchase of tickets to certain games this season. Yes, they are NFTs from the NFL.
The blockchain will never forget that you paid to see a Detroit Lions game
The first Virtual Commemorative Ticket game already happened on November 7th when the Cardinals played the 49ers, and the next one is scheduled for Thanksgiving during the Bears / Lions matchup. NFL club business development senior vice president Bobby Gallo says, “Leveraging the emerging world of NFTs is a new and exciting way for us to create additional value and to further engage with fans who attend select games by providing a virtual commemorative ticket. There is no better time than the upcoming holiday season to kick off this fun and engaging fan experience, starting with the Chicago Bears and Detroit Lions Thanksgiving Day matchup.”


What’s an NFT?
NFTs allow you to buy and sell ownership of unique digital items and keep track of who owns them using the blockchain. NFT stands for “non-fungible token,” and it can technically contain anything digital, including drawings, animated GIFs, songs, or items in video games. An NFT can either be one-of-a-kind, like a real-life painting, or one copy of many, like trading cards, but the blockchain keeps track of who has ownership of the file.
NFTs have been making headlines lately, some selling for millions of dollars, with high-profile memes like Nyan Cat and the “deal with it” sunglasses being put up for auction. There’s also a lot of discussion about the massive electricity use and environmental impacts of NFTs. If you (understandably) still have questions, you can read through our NFT FAQ.


While it’s hard to understand why anyone would want non-fungible evidence that they paid to see the 0-8-1 Detroit Lions play football on a holiday instead of spending time with their loved ones or simply staying home and doing nothing at all, this is happening. Selecting the holiday game to highlight this promotion means that sitting around with your family this year will definitely include discussing what NFTs are — our explainer can help.
Fans who are scanned into the game using a Ticketmaster SafeTix ticket that they purchased on their own account can obtain their NFT via a link sent to their registered email address after the game. Buying the tickets from Ticketmaster, StubHub, or SeatGeek will make you eligible for the promotion, which is powered by Ticketmaster’s NFT marketplace. 










Partial schedule of NFT NFL games and Lions / Bears commemorative image.
Image: NFL


If you’re not attending the games in person but still want in, there are non-ticket NFTs on the way. The league says in an announcement, “In addition to the commemorative NFTs given to fans after attending select games, the marketplace will also offer a limited number of digital collectible NFTs across all 32 clubs for fans to purchase and collect. Fans will also have the opportunity to trade or sell their commemorative NFTs.” Later this season, the league will partner with NBA Top Shot operator Dapper Labs to sell digital video collectible NFTs.


    Related
  
The NBA on NFT: Top Shot is playing the long game in the NFT craze
Topps is releasing official NFT baseball cards

According to an associated FAQ, minting of these NFTs happens “on an eco-friendly blockchain with a low carbon footprint.” Unlike efforts to create a “decentralized Disney” based on blockchain tech or promises of a team ownership stake, these items fall strictly into the collectible category. They don’t come associated with every ticket, simply every purchase on an eligible account, so it’s impossible to predict exactly how many there will be or potential future value. 
Still, if digitally registered icons take off like their proponents keep saying they will, there’s a chance that you might be able to sell your Giants / Eagles commemorative token to someone one day, just like a ticket stub or signed jersey. But if it’s for the Lions game, then don’t worry — your best bet for creating a collectible is if they find another new and exciting way to not win.


Starbucks has opened a new “pickup cafe” in New York City that uses Amazon’s “just walk out” cashierless tech, the companies said Thursday. The store in midtown Manhattan is designed for customers who want to buy coffee or a snack quickly and can’t possibly wait the extra minutes they’d normally spend interacting with a barista or cashier. 
The new store on 59th Street between Park and Lexington Avenues is one of three Starbucks Pickup with Amazon Go locations planned, with two more scheduled to open in 2022. It has the full Starbucks menu and a “curated assortment of food and beverages” in its Amazon Go market section, including sandwiches, salads, and snacks. Starbucks’ senior vice president of global growth and development, Katie Young, said in a statement that Starbucks Pickup with Amazon Go (catchy branding, that) is “designed to provide our customers with an experience that delivers convenience and connection in an effortless way.” 
Last year, Starbucks said in its third-quarter earnings call with investors that it had suffered a sharp drop in revenue due to the pandemic and planned to close hundreds of stores in the US and Canada. It also said it would be opening pickup locations in urban areas and double drive-thru lanes at some of its suburban stores. The company ultimately avoided layoffs, but some Starbucks store workers have reported that their locations are understaffed.
To get your coffee from this Starbucks Pickup with Amazon Go location, preorder your drink using the Starbucks mobile app, choose the store at “59th between Park & Lex w/Amazon Go,” then head to the store where it will be waiting on a counter. Drink orders that are in progress will be displayed on a digital screen above the counter. 
The store has a lounge and seating area (which seems to contradict the “get in, get out fast” concept). To enter the Amazon Go market area and the seating area, you’ll use the “in-store code” from the Amazon app, then insert your credit card or scan the palm of your hand if you’re already registered with its Amazon One program that launched in its Go stores in Seattle last year. 










A scanner at the Starbucks Pickup with Amazon Go store lets you enter payment information
Image: Starbucks


As you take items off of shelves, they’ll be added to your virtual shopping cart; if you put them back, they’ll be removed from your cart. When you’re done shopping, you can leave or sit in the lounge and not interact with any other humans if that is what you prefer. Your card will be charged either way once you exit the store.
There will be Starbucks employees at the store to make the drinks and help customers as they shop. The new store will be open daily at 6AM and will stay open later than other Starbucks cafes, closing at 10PM on weekdays and 9PM on weekends.
Correction November 18th 2:11PM ET: An earlier version of this story said two additional stores would open this year. It should have said the stores will open in 2022. We regret the error.

A Democratic senator launched an investigation into how publishers license ebooks to libraries on Thursday, calling on nine major ebook aggregators to provide details on the licensing agreements they make with libraries. 
Sen. Ron Wyden (D-OR), along with Rep. Anna Eshoo (D-CA), sent letters demanding that aggregators like Overdrive and EBSCO provide them with examples of standard ebook licensing agreements for every major publisher they work with, including Penguin Random House and Simon & Schuster. 
“Many libraries face financial and practical challenges”
“Many libraries face financial and practical challenges in making e-books available to their patrons, which jeopardizes their ability to fulfill their mission,” the lawmakers wrote. “It is our understanding that these difficulties arise because e-books are typically offered under more expensive and limited licensing agreements, unlike print books that libraries can typically purchase, own, and lend on their own terms.”
In September, Wyden and Eshoo first questioned publishers over the terms they set for ebook licensing. The COVID-19 pandemic forced many public libraries to shut down in-person service, and people began using online services like Overdrive’s Libby app to borrow digital books in lieu of physical copies. “Ensuring that libraries can offer an array of resources, including e-books, is essential to promoting equity in education and access to information,” the lawmakers wrote to Penguin Random House earlier this year. 
Major publishers have sued organizations in the past over copyright violations for offering free copies of ebooks. In June 2020, Hachette, Penguin Random House, Wiley, and HarperCollins filed suit against the Internet Archive for copyright violations related to the Open Library project. The project launched in 2006 and allowed users to borrow ebooks scanned from physical copies of books. 
In Thursday’s letters, the lawmakers highlighted how digital versions of books can be more accessible to people with disabilities. “In recent years, e-books have been a growing part of library catalogs. Not only do many library users prefer to borrow e-books, but digital options can provide greater accessibility for Americans who have disabilities, face mobility challenges, or live in remote areas,” they said. 



The simplest description of Kid A Mnesia Exhibition is that it’s essentially a virtual Radiohead art museum featuring music from Kid A and Amnesiac. If that’s enough to pique your interest in the slightest, I highly recommend you stop reading this and just play the game, which is available Thursday for free on PC, Mac, and PS5. 
Calling Kid A Mnesia Exhibition just an art museum doesn’t really do it justice, though. Sure, much of the game is spent navigating through hallways of Radiohead-themed art while clips and bits of songs from Kid A and Amnesiac waft in and out of your consciousness. One room, for example, is piled high with televisions with constantly changing images while unnerving yet familiar versions of melodies from “The National Anthem” warble around you. It wouldn’t feel out of place at a modern art exhibit.
But then you can do the extremely video game-y thing of walking right into an amber column in the middle of the room to bring up the song’s iconic drum and bass lines, which were previously absent. When you step out of the column, the drum and bass fade away, and the unsettling warbles return. There are a lot of moments like that.
 









Now just imagine that you’re hearing “The National Anthem.”



That said, Kid A Mnesia Exhibition isn’t a traditional video game. There are no enemies. You can’t die. The only actions you can take are to zoom in on things, move around the world, and up your pace from a slow walk to a gentle trot.
I was still surprised to find the experience unsettling at times, though. You’ll see the sharp-toothed smile from Radiohead’s logo all over the place. Wisps of pixels will float across your vision like ghastly spirits. Living stick figures wandering the halls will silently appear behind you as they take in the art. The music, even if it is ingrained into the folds of your brain after years of repeated listens like it is for me, can be dissonant and uncomfortable. 
But it wouldn’t be a Radiohead project without some awe-inspiring beauty. In one room, papers covering the floor and ceiling will whip in the wind to deconstruct and reconstruct the room around you. One striking sequence is like an interactive music visualizer. And my favorite moments in the game were spent with a little devil-like creature and watching clips of old Radiohead live shows.
 









The game is full of strikingly beautiful rooms.



To see the best of what Kid A Mnesia Exhibition has to offer, you should take your time. My first trip took a little over an hour, but the rooms evolve in some remarkable ways that you might miss if you rush through. Putting down the controller to observe how the music and the exhibits shift and change is very rewarding. While writing this article, I left the game idling in a few different areas, and I saw and heard a lot that I had missed.
If you’re a Radiohead fan, Kid A Mnesia Exhibition is an excellent way to experience two of the band’s iconic albums in a new format. But even if you haven’t memorized all of the lyrics on both albums, the game is still worth checking out as a very literal expression of the idea that video games can be art. Sometimes, it’s nice to just sit and listen to some music.
Kid A Mnesia Exhibition is available Thursday as a free download for PC, Mac, and PS5.

Despite more than a few issues with the preorder process and shipping, Google’s Pixel 6 and Pixel 6 Pro have made their way into the world, and now the company is ready to sell an upgraded version of its Pixel Stand for wireless charging on your desk or side table. This new stand costs $79, just like the first-gen model did when it launched in 2018 with the Pixel 3. 
Like the original, it automatically adjusts the phone’s UI for docked use to pull up photo frames or shortcuts to your Nest Security cameras and can switch into do not disturb mode at night. 
However, this time around, Google is trying to justify that relatively high price by offering faster charging. The new Pixel Stand can charge compatible phones at up to 23 watts, which, coincidentally, is the fastest rate you can get with the Pixel 6 Pro, while the Pixel 6 tops out at around 21 watts. That’s a bit disappointing when plugged into a 30W charger but gets more acceptable with the convenience of wireless.


    Related
  
Google explains the tradeoffs that led to Pixel 6’s slow charging complaints 

How does that compare to the newest iPhone 13 models? The fastest charging available falls short of the iPhone 13 Pro Max that’s capable of 27W when plugged directly into a powerful enough charger. But for wireless charging, Apple’s fastest MagSafe standard peaks at 15 watts on most of its new phones and 12 watts on the iPhone 13 Mini.


Meet the second-gen Pixel Stand from Google.It’s a superfast wireless charger with up to 23W of power. It works with compatible Pixel phones, Pixel Buds, and Qi-certified mobile devices.*Learn more at the Google Store: https://t.co/mHKgynxEEY pic.twitter.com/RisoqJzIKw— Made By Google (@madebygoogle) November 18, 2021



As promised, the new Pixel Stand has a fan inside that Google says is quiet enough to keep things cool even if you’re charging while taking a long video call, a 30W PD 3.0 USB-C power adapter, and it can charge non-Pixel Qi-certified devices at up to 15W. The 30W charger and cable alone cost $35, but you won’t get faster charging whether you’re plugged in or not.
Orders for the new 23W Pixel Stand on the Google Store are open now, with shipping dates predicted for early- to mid-December. 
If you like the design and the software tweaks but don’t need the speed, the original Stand is available on Woot for $28.99. While that’s a deep discount from the original price, and it comes with an 18W power adapter in the box, it’s still $5 to $10 more than similar wireless chargers that may work just as well, like Belkin’s 10W stand for $24.99 or Anker’s PowerWave Stand that doesn’t come with a power adapter but is on sale for $19.49.
Update (2:50PM ET): Clarified charging speed vs. iPhone Pro Max 13.


Nreal’s augmented reality glasses are coming to the US through a Verizon partnership. The $599 Nreal Light glasses will appear in 20 Verizon stores nationwide on November 30th and be available for purchase online December 2nd. The glasses are compatible with several recent 5G-enabled Samsung phones and one OnePlus 5G device.
The Nreal Light is one of the only consumer-focused AR headsets on the market. The Light glasses launched first in Korea last year, and they’ve since expanded to Japan and Germany. They support projecting 3D images into real space using reflected micro OLED displays, while outward-facing cameras let the glasses scan real space and pin virtual objects — like screens or game boards — into particular locations. The visual experience is broadly similar to the Microsoft HoloLens or Magic Leap One, although the Light uses different optics technology. Nreal particularly touts the glasses’ wider-than-average 53 degree field of view, as well as a light 106-gram design.
Nreal’s glasses are powered by an Android smartphone — in the US, they’ll work with the Samsung Galaxy S21 Ultra 5G, Samsung Galaxy S21 Plus 5G, Samsung Galaxy S21 5G, Samsung Galaxy Z Fold3 5G, Samsung Galaxy S20 FE 5G UW, Samsung Galaxy S20 5G UW, Samsung Galaxy Note 20 Ultra 5G, and OnePlus 8 5G UW. Once you’ve plugged it into the glasses, you can either directly mirror your phone screen, including streaming video apps, or enter a full mixed reality experience that includes some AR games and productivity tools. The phone itself acts as a controller, although Nreal also lets developers build apps with hand tracking.
Earlier this year, Nreal announced that it was launching a second, cheaper pair of camera-free glasses called the Nreal Air. Those glasses are set to debut in China, Japan, and Korea, with no launch date set for the US.

After numerous leaks hinted that a new fighting game with Warner Bros. characters was in the works, Warner Bros. Games finally put the rumors to bed with the announcement of MultiVersus. The announcement was a three-minute trailer showing off a healthy chunk of gameplay and some of the initial roster of characters including Bugs Bunny, Steven Universe, and, curiously, Arya “A Girl Has No Name” Stark.
MultiVersus is a free-to-play Smash Bros-like game director Tony Huynh says is focused on teamwork and social play. Characters are designed to be mixed and matched together with strengths that augment one another. In the video, you can see Steven Universe using his signature shield to protect his partner, while Wonder Woman whisks her partner out of danger with her lasso. 
Players can compete in two-vs-two cooperative battles, four-player free-for-all, and on a ranked competitive ladder. Huynh also mentioned that MultiVersus will feature rollback netcode, crossplay, and cross-progression to create a seamless experience for players across multiple platforms. 
Rumors swirled around MultiVersus earlier this year when an image of the roster was leaked by professional Smash Bros. player Juan Manuel “Hungrybox” DeBiedma. The image and DeBiedma’s video breaking it down was later removed via copyright strike further fueling speculation something was forthcoming from Warner Bros. Games. 
MultiVersus is scheduled for release in 2022 on Xbox, PlayStation, and PC.


Motorola has announced the latest version of its budget Moto G Power smartphone, which keeps the $199.99 starting price point and three-day battery life, but with additional camera, display, and spec improvements. 
The new Moto G Power (which I’m referring to as the 2022 model for sanity’s sake, especially considering that it’ll be out sometime in “the coming months”) has a lot in common with the company’s previous model released earlier this year. The new model looks to improve on most aspects of the device in one way or another, though.
The screen is now slightly smaller, at 6.5 inches instead of 6.6 inches, but adds a faster 90Hz refresh rate for smooth scrolling. RAM has been bumped up from 3GB to 4GB, and the two storage tiers have been doubled to 64GB and 128GB for $199.99 and $249.99, respectively.










Motorola has also slotted in a new processor, switching away from the Snapdragon 662 processor in last year’s model to a MediaTek Helio G37, which should provide better performance and power efficiency. The star of the spec sheet, however, is still the massive 5,000mAh battery which, while still the same size as last year, also makes the same promise of three days of use off a single charge. 
Lastly, there’s the new camera system, which has a new 50-megapixel main sensor, a 2-megapixel macro camera, and a 2-megapixel depth sensor on the back for adding blurred bokeh effects to shots. There’s also an 8-megapixel front facing camera (which has been centered again) with a new “Dual Capture” feature that lets you shoot with both the front and rear cameras at the same time. 
Motorola isn’t announcing specific release information for the new Moto G Power at this time. We do know that it’ll be coming first to Republic Wireless and Metro by T-Mobile sometime “in the coming months,” before becoming more broadly available at Verizon, AT&T, Google Fi, Boost, Xfinity Mobile, US Cellular, and Cricket. It’ll also be sold unlocked at Best Buy, Amazon, and Motorola’s website sometime in “early 2022.” 

It should go without saying, but the best gifts aren’t always the most expensive. There are plenty of affordable pieces of tech and non-tech items that would make for great gifts or stocking stuffers, which is why we polled The Verge staff to curate a budget-based wishlist that spans our favorite tools, gadgets, and other goodies that can typically be had for around $25 or less.
The responses we got ranged from practical to personal, from helpful to hilarious. Whether you’re in the market for a vest to keep your beverage from getting chilly or chopsticks from a galaxy far, far away, our budget-friendly gift guide is a manifestation of everything that you want, but nothing you need. Even if you’re shopping for yourself instead of someone special, we know that our suggestions will help make your life a little easier or, at the very least, coax out a smile. After all, pens that say what we’re all thinking tend to have that effect on people.


    Related
  
The Verge Holiday Gift Guide 2021
The Verge’s 2021 Holiday Gift Guide for Creators
The Verge’s 2021 Home Tech Holiday Gift Guide
The Verge’s 2021 Holiday Gift Guide for Moms
The Verge’s 2021 Gaming and Entertainment Holiday Gift Guide
The Verge’s 2021 Holiday Gift Guide for Kids
The Verge’s Favorite Holiday Gifts Under $50
The Verge’s 2021 Holiday Gift Guide for Dads
The Verge’s 2021 Holiday Gift Guide for Working From Home
The Verge’s 2021 Fitness and Wellness Gift Guide



Presented by: Visible
Stay connected to the ones you love most this holiday season with the help of Visible. Get unlimited data, powered by Verizon, for as low as $25/month. Visible offers family plan savings without the family drama, when you join forces with literally any other humans. Save with Visible, and spend those savings on (other) fun things and experiences. See what Visible has to offer here.






Price Range


              $10 to $20
            

              $20 to $25
            










        
          Anchor headphone hook
        
        
The real estate on your desk is valuable, so stop monopolizing it with your headphones. This hook comes with a secure 3M adhesive and can hold two pairs of headphones wherever you stick it. The sturdy wood and silicon construction also ensures that the hooks will likely outlive whatever you decide to hang on them. Price: $12
Elevation Lab







        
          Tile Mate
        
        
The Tile Mate, a now-ubiquitous tracking device compatible with Android and iOS, is a fantastic way to keep tabs on anything located within 200 feet of you. You can secure the tiny Bluetooth tracker to just about anything, ensuring that your most important items never go missing. Price: $25
Amazon
Target







        
          AirPods cleaning kit
        
        
Anyone who has ever looked at their earbuds knows how gross they can get even after just a week of sustained use. With this 203-piece cleaning kit, however, your giftee will never have to tote around a pair of AirPods that look anything less than spotless. Price: $13
Amazon
Best Buy 







        
          RDS Game Traveler Deluxe Case
        
        
Whether you've been a longtime Nintendo Switch owner or recently picked up the new OLED model, it pays to have a protective case to stash it in. Thankfully, this durable hardshell case from RDS Industries can house both your Switch and a cartridge case. There's also an adjustable viewing stand for propping up your Switch while inside — a nice touch given the flimsy kickstand on the original model.  Price: $20
Amazon
Best Buy 







        
          Gerber Shard
        
        
Stop opening your Amazon packages with a pen like a scrub and invest in this keychain tool from Gerber. You'll never be without something to poke, prod, pry, or slice something open when the need arises. 
Price: $8
Amazon







        
          Puffin beverage vest
        
        
Arguably functional but definitely adorable, the Puffin beverage vest might be the cutest koozie we've ever seen. This beverage accessory is available in a variety of colors and styles, including flannels, parkas, and life vests. 
Price: $13
REI
Puffin







        
          Comfyable slim protective laptop sleeve
        
        
A classy sleeve for any 13- to 16-inch laptop, this slim, waterproof, faux-leather cover comes in a variety of colors. The inside lining is also covered in microfiber to prevent scuffs and scratches, making it a great accessory for anyone who wants to add a little professional flair to their laptop. 
Price: $19 to $26
Amazon
Comfyable







        
          Skullcandy Dime
        
        
These itty-bitty, inexpensive headphones from Skullcandy come in a wide array of fun colors and feature IPX4 water resistance. Moreover, the true wireless earbuds can last for up to three hours on a single charge or 12 hours with the included charging case. Price: $20
Amazon
Best Buy 







        
          Manfrotto Pixi Mini Tripod
        
        
Not only is Manfrotto's Pixi Mini the cutest of tripods, but it gives you a stable shooting platform for both stationary and mobile use. The featherweight device can easily fit in your back pocket, too, and can even be adapted for use with smartphones. Price: $23 
Amazon
B&H Photo







        
          TP-Link Kasa Smart Plug
        
        
This adapter is a quick and simple way to add smart home connectivity to any device that uses a wall outlet. The TP-Link Kasa Smart Plug can pair with Google Assistant and Amazon's Alexa, allowing you to toggle power states with simple voice commands. 
Price: $10 to $18
Amazon







        
          Anxiety Pen Set
        
        
The Anxiety Pen Set is the ideal gift for anyone whose life is constantly on fire. Each pack comes with five, medium-tip ballpoint pens, providing just the right amount of levity for when your life is falling apart at the seams. Price: $12 
Etsy







        
          Turtle Beach Battle Buds
        
        
These unique earbuds from Turtle Beach — which are typically on sale for under $25 — are some of the only earbuds that come with their own boom mic. Because they use a 3.5mm audio jack, the Battle Buds are also compatible with any console, and they come packaged with a number of ear tips to ensure a comfortable fit. 
Price: $15
Amazon
Best Buy 







        
          Creative Pebble 2.0 speakers
        
        
These diminutive, wired speakers from Creative are a great way to punch up the sound of your laptop without having to put on headphones. The Pebble 2.0 are compatible with any laptop or device that has a USB port and 3.5mm headphone jack, and their small footprint and minimalist design make them perfect for desks of any size. Price: $20 
Amazon
GameStop
Dell







        
          Echogear On-Wall Surge Protector
        
        
Echogear's surge protector lays flat against your existing wall outlet, doubling the number of outlets and adding a pair of USB ports to charge your phone and other gadgets. Perhaps its best feature, however, is that the wall outlets can pivot 45 degrees, which is especially handy when a cord is preventing you from laying something flush against the wall. Price: $20
Amazon
Echogear







        
          Sharper Image Word Clock
        
        
It doesn't tell time, it spells it out for you. This LED clock from Sharper Image is a clever little conversation piece available in matte black or wood grain. Perhaps the best feature of this clock, however, is that it uses a USB-C port for power, making it easy to hook up without a dedicated outlet. 
Price: $25
Amazon







        
          Chop Sabers
        
        
If you're buying for a foodie who also happens to be a Star Wars fan, a pair of battery-powered Chop Sabers isn't a bad way to go. While it might be tempting to use the light-up chopsticks on a bowl of glass noodles, a more creative application would be to use them to tie up your hair. Just a thought.Price: $10
Amazon







        
          Haitral Retro Vintage Table Lamp
        
        
For anyone who's a fan of simpler times and rugged design, this industrial desk lamp is the perfect accent to any table or desk. Composed of wood and iron, Haitral's steampunk-inspired lamp is built to last and can accomodate a variety of bulbs. Price: $20 
Amazon







        
          Tlinna LED coffee thermos
        
        
Tlinna's thermos is a smart take on the classic, double-walled design that proliferates coffee shops across the country. The thermos comes in a variety of fun colors, each with an LED display on top of the lid that shows you how hot or cold your liquid is. Plus, each stainless-steel bottle comes with a built-in tea infuser. Price: $22 
Amazon







        
          Keyboard brush
        
        
A more eco-friendly way of cleaning out the crud that accumulates under your keyboard, this soft bristle brush comes with a keycap puller and a wedge-shaped cleaning tip for getting dirt out of those hard-to-reach places without damaging your keyboard. Price: $14 
Amazon
Newegg







        
          Nanoleaf Essentials A19 Bulb
        
        
For those looking to bring intelligent lighting into their home for just $20, there's Nanoleaf's hub-free smart bulbs. Each LED bulb is compatible with a number of virtual assistants — including Amazon's Alexa, Google Assistant, and Apple HomeKit — and can be adjusted to suit a variety of scenes and vibrant colors via the Nanoleaf app or your voice. Price: $20
GameStop
Apple







        
          Anker PowerCore Slim
        
        
If you've got room for a phone, you've got room for the Anker PowerCore Slim. The 1,000mAh battery pack is roughly the same size as your typical smartphone yet provides enough power to top off most phones at least once, ensuring you'll never be without juice when you need it most. Just make sure you have your own USB-C or Micro USB cable to go with it.  Price: $22
Amazon







        
          Personalized journal
        
        
Everyone has at least one obsessive journaler in their life, so why not gift them something that's unique to them? This personalized journal from Etsy has a virtually limitless number of customization options. You can tailor everything from the color to the font to the overall design, making it easy to pick out a notebook that's perfect for your friend or loved one.  Price: $21 
Etsy





The Moto G Pure is the rare $160 phone that works well enough that you forget you’re using a sub-$200 device. Yes, Motorola made some compromises to deliver a phone at this low price point, but it still nails all the basics that you should care about: good build quality, good battery life, and good cameras for the price. 
That is not to say the Moto phone is perfect. Its processor is just a second slower in most tasks, it only works on 4G networks, and its paltry 32GB of internal storage is just not enough space to use for long. But for its price, it’s hard to argue against the Moto G Pure — it gets a lot right.






Our review of 
Motorola Moto G Pure


Verge Score
7 out of 10






Good Stuff

Durable
Main camera more usable than expected
Good battery life



Bad Stuff

Laggy processor
Insufficient internal storage
Camera app UI makes zooming difficult
No fast-charging




Buy for $159.99 from Motorola
Buy for $159.99 from Best Buy
Buy for $159.99 from Amazon



Design 
For a big phone with a 6.5-inch screen, the Moto G Pure feels relatively compact, measuring 0.34-inch thick and weighing 0.41lbs. Thanks to its rounded corners and sloped edges, the G Pure is comfortable to hold for long stretches, though it’s a bit tall (the screen has a 20:9 aspect ratio) to use single-handed for my small hands. 
Available in deep indigo, the G Pure has a subtle sheen to its textured, matte back cover. Its plastic material is very hard and slippery, despite that texture. In fact, I’ve lost count of the number of times the phone has magically slipped off an ottoman or table and still works. Yes, this $160 Moto phone is quite durable, but I wouldn’t test the smartphone gods — you’ll still be better off with a case. 
It has a snappy fingerprint sensor under the Motorola logo, as well as Face Unlock to give you a hands-free option to unlock your phone. I like that the Moto software gives you more control over how this works. You can use your face to unlock the phone (no need to press the power button first), and ask the phone to bring you to the last app or webpage that was opened (rather than the lockscreen). With good lighting, Face Unlock works well enough, but the fingerprint sensor is faster and more consistent.
 









For a big phone with a 6.5-inch screen, the Moto G Pure feels relatively compact.



Hardware & Performance
As part of the cost cutting to hit the G Pure’s low price, Motorola decided to use a weak processor and minimal RAM, and it shows. At the heart of the Moto phone is the MediaTek Helio G25 processor, which is comparable to the Qualcomm Snapdragon 439 but actually lags behind that 2018 Snapdragon chipset. Everything from opening a website, switching between apps, to opening the camera app to take a photo just takes an extra second on the Moto phone. While this doesn’t sound like much, those extra seconds really add up over the course of a day and can make you question your sanity.
It has just 3GB of RAM to support its under-powered processor and a meager 32GB of internal storage. At this point, 32GB is simply not enough capacity for a phone, especially when most people are hanging onto their phones for longer. After just two weeks of light use — installing updates and a few apps, plus taking some photos — I’ve already burned through 18.04GB (56 percent of storage) on the G Pure. With Motorola promising one OS update and two years of security updates, you’ll likely run out of space before you run out of software support. Good thing it has a microSD card slot, where you can expand its limited capacity with up to a 512GB card.
 









Under the Motorola logo is the Moto G Pure’s fingerprint sensor for securing your phone against intruders.



The G Pure’s 6.5-inch LCD screen may look vibrant with its brightness set to 100 percent, but it is only a 720p display, with a low 269 pixel density. At 1600 x 720p resolution, The Spider-Man: No Way Home Trailer looks more pixelated and dim on the Moto than on the OnePlus 9’s 2K display. Day to day, you probably wouldn’t notice just how low-res the display is, but if you have any higher-quality screens in your life, it will stand out and not in a good way.
I played some Pokemon Unite to stress test it, and performance was better than I expected, at least once I was able to launch the game fully. It took three tries and multiple force quits on it before I could actually play. Once the game finally loaded, I was able to move my pokemon around the battlefield without lag, with the battle music blaring from the lone speaker. 
it’s hard to deny that the Moto G Pure will be good enough for most people
Using only 4G service to test the G Pure’s 4,000mAh battery, I spent the day toggling between two email accounts, sharing content on Twitter and Hangouts, and playing some Pokemon Unite. The G Pure stayed cool to the touch no matter how much I was stressing it. Although the battery didn’t quite live up to the two days of use claim from Motorola, I got about 16 hours out of it (or about seven hours of screentime) before needing to hit the charger. Don’t expect a fast charge, though: It took me about two hours to recharge this battery with the included 10W charging brick. In all, the battery should last you a full day at minimum, or maybe as long as two days for a light user. 
 









The Moto G Pure kept it simple with a rear, dual-camera system, rather than add a sub-par ultrawide or macro camera onto the back.



Camera
For a $160 phone, the cameras on the Moto G Pure are better than expected, especially for photos that you’ll likely only share online. Rather than squeeze another lackluster ultrawide or macro camera onto the back, Motorola made a smart decision to keep it simple with just a rear dual-camera system — a 13-megapixel main camera and a 2-megapixel depth sensor — plus a 5-megapixel front-facing camera (f/2.4) for selfies.
The 13-megapixel main camera with f/2.2 aperture was surprisingly capable at capturing details in low-light situations. At a recent indoor event with tricky lighting, it had no problems focusing with various light sources in dark rooms, and it managed to photograph small details in the art installations. 










Moto G Pure camera test image: the main camera is able to capture fine details even in low light.


Like other smartphone cameras in this class, color accuracy seems to be an issue with the G Pure. Most photos look fine, but there are a few issues, like the pumpkins that look too red with stems that look too blue to be realistic. Likewise, the yellow door should look more orange, and the blue door should look more teal (with more green) than blue.










Moto G Pure camera test image: the two doors’ colors are not true to life.


My biggest gripe with the G Pure’s camera is its slider interface for zooming. Unlike other camera apps where you can tap to select the most optimal digital zoom presets, Moto’s zoom slider doesn’t automatically appear in the app. In addition, your hand will probably block your screen as you try to frame your shot and navigate the slider bar at the same time.  





 Grid View


























Moto G Pure camera test: pumpkins are in the wrong color.









Moto G Pure camera test: low-light photography.


              Gloria Sin
            






Moto G Pure camera test: low-light photography.


              Gloria Sin
            






Moto G Pure camera test: low-light photography.


              Gloria Sin
            















Moto G Pure camera test: no zoom.


              Gloria Sin
            






Moto G Pure camera test: 8x digital zoom.


              Gloria Sin
            






               Moto G Pure camera test: portrait mode.
            

              Gloria Sin
            






               Moto G Pure camera test: portrait mode.
            

              Gloria Sin
            






               Moto G Pure camera test.
            

              Gloria Sin
            






               Moto G Pure camera test.
            

              Gloria Sin
            






               Moto G Pure camera test.
            

              Gloria Sin
            






Moto G Pure camera test.









Moto G Pure camera test.


              Gloria Sin
            






Moto G Pure camera test.


              Gloria Sin
            






Moto G Pure: portrait mode.


              Gloria Sin
            






Moto G Pure camera test: spot color mode.


              Gloria Sin
            






Moto G Pure camera test: closeup.


              Gloria Sin
            






Moto G Pure camera test: portrait mode.


              Gloria Sin
            






Moto G Pure camera test: selfie.


              Gloria Sin
            













Sample photos from the Moto Pure G.
 









The Moto G Pure’s zoom slider bar is not as easy to use as other phones’ camera app UI.




At $160 — or less if you catch a sale or carrier deal, as this phone works on many 4G networks in America — it’s hard to deny that the Moto G Pure will be good enough for most people looking for a basic budget phone for under $200. After all, it has an all-day battery, a versatile main camera, all in a well-designed, durable package. 
It’s a shame it doesn’t have a faster processor, more RAM, or more onboard storage, which would make it a clear winner. I’d rather Motorola charge a slightly higher price like the $190 TCL 20SE, which offers 128GB of internal storage, has the Qualcomm Snapdragon 460 processor, and is supported by 4GB of RAM. At least you wouldn’t have to constantly worry about backing up the files from your phone.
But these issues might not be deal-breakers for more casual users or those with a strict budget. Not many great phones are available at this price point, and the Moto G Pure is quite the catch.
Photography by Gloria Sin / The Verge


Agree to Continue: Moto G Pure
Every smart device now requires you to agree to a series of terms and conditions before you can use it — contracts that no one actually reads. It’s impossible for us to read and analyze every single one of these agreements. But we started counting exactly how many times you have to hit “agree” to use devices when we review them since these are agreements most people don’t read and definitely can’t negotiate.
To actually use the Moto G Pure, you must accept Motorola’s Privacy & Software Updates, but you also get to decide how it works on your phone:

Help improve Motorola products (optional)
Enhanced device support (optional)
Smart updates (optional)

After entering your Google account, you must agree to:

Google Terms of Service
Google Privacy Policy
Google Play Terms of Service

You’ll also need to agree to the following:

Google Services:
Install updates and apps: “You agree this device may also automatically download and install updates and apps from Google, your carrier, and your device’s manufacturer, possibly using cellular data. Some of these apps may offer in-app purchases.”

The carrier may also ask you to agree to some policies and services. In my case, Verizon has these terms and conditions:

Verizon’s Services:
Provide your location to the carrier and apps (optional)
Verizon Cloud (optional)
Verizon Digital Secure:
Allow Digital Secure to access your photos, media, files, text messages, and location in order to check for harmful files. (optional)

Lastly, you have the option to join Motorola’s user community:

Give permission to Motorola to send push notifications about its services and benefits (optional)
Provide your email to Motorola (optional)

In total, you have to accept three main agreements and can only bypass five when setting up the Moto G Pure.



The AMD Ryzen 7 5800X has been discounted at Newegg, letting you save up to $75 with the promo code BFPAYA526. This brings the total down to $374, the lowest price we’ve seen for this particular processor. As an added bonus, this CPU comes packaged with a free month of Xbox Game Pass Ultimate. 
The 5800X is part of the latest Zen 3 architecture and uses the same AM4 socket used by AMD's previous generation of processors, which for most people should allow you to swap in this new CPU without having to invest in a new motherboard. This eight-core CPU has a base clock speed of 3.8GHz but is capable of up to a 4.7GHz boost clock speed. While this CPU is quite powerful, Newegg has also discounted the 5900X and 5950X to $524 and $746, respectively, if you’re in need of a processor with a little more staying power.

















AMD Ryzen 7 5800X CPU




                $374
              

                $449
              

                  17% off
                





The mainstay chip of the new Zen 3 line from AMD, the 5800X is capable of 3.8GHz out of the box, but this eight-core, 16-thread processor is capable of climbing to 4.7GHz with sufficient overclocking.







              $374
              

at Newegg (5800X)
            







    Related
  
The Verge’s Guide to Black Friday 2021
How to find the best deals during Black Friday and Cyber Monday 2021
Win a mystery bag from The Verge jam-packed with free stuff






The OnePlus 8T is currently enjoying a sizable $100 discount at Amazon and Best Buy, bringing the cost down to $500. Both retailers are offering up the aquamarine (light green) colorway version of the phone. Each comes unlocked with 256GB of storage. While it lacks support for Verizon’s mmWave 5G, it should work with any US carrier’s 4G service, in addition to a limited range of 5G service.
Our review of this phone noted that it was a relatively incremental upgrade to the OnePlus 8, but that it still manages to bring impressive performance and extra perks you usually don’t see at this price, like a silky 120Hz refresh rate display. We’ve seen similar (and sometimes better) deals on this phone recently, so who knows what will come with Black Friday right around the corner. 

















OnePlus 8T (256GB, unlocked)




                $500
              

                $600
              

                  17% off
                





Released in October 2020, the OnePlus 8T features a 120Hz display and includes 65W charging.







              $500
              

at Amazon (green)
            





              $500
              

at Best Buy
            







    Related
  
The best smartphone you can buy for under $500


Our runner-up for best noise-canceling headphones is the new Bose QC45 wireless, noise-canceling model, and they’ve been discounted to their lowest price ever of $279 at Amazon and Best Buy. Normally $329, this week is the first time we’ve seen a price break on these, and it’s a solid value. 
While they look similar to the older QC35 II, our reviewer definitely noticed the improvements made to the overall battery life of these comfy headphones. The QC45 are capable of lasting up to 24 hours on a single charge. And, while they can’t be used when they’re charging, the USB-C support means they can quickly be topped off, with just 15 minutes of charging netting you roughly three hours of use.

















Bose QC45 headphones




                $279
              

                $329
              

                  16% off
                





Bose’s QuietComfort 45 headphones update the company’s popular, impossibly comfortable design with USB-C, improved noise cancellation, and longer battery life.







              $279
              

at Amazon
            





              $279
              

at Best Buy
            






If you’re looking to expand your PC storage space, this deal on the 1TB WD Black SN750 PCIe 3.0 M.2 SSD is for you. It’s currently $150 off the regular MSRP, bringing the total down to $110 at Best Buy and Amazon. This is the lowest price we’ve seen and is an excellent value if you want speedy storage. One quick note, however, is that due to this M.2 drive being PCIe 3.0 and not PCIe 4.0, it’s not advised that you use it with the PlayStation 5, as it likely will not work. 

















WD Black SN750 (1TB)




                $110
              

                $260
              

                  58% off
                





This NVMe SSD from Western Digital features a 1TB capacity and read speeds up to 3,600MB/s.







              $110
              

at Best Buy
            





              $110
              

at Amazon
            






If you’re in the market for a large and curvaceous gaming monitor, the big 32-inch version of the MSI Optix series has been discounted at Adorama, bringing it down to the lowest price we’ve ever seen for this 1440p panel. Capable of up to a 144Hz refresh rate, this monitor also features a 1ms response time and has AMD FreeSync to keep frame rates smooth and reduce screen tearing. The included stand is adjustable, but the monitor has a 100 x 100 VESA mount if you want to use a monitor arm instead. In terms of connectivity, the MAG321CQR can accept HDMI 2.0 or DisplayPort 1.2 inputs, and it has a pair of USB ports for connecting or charging peripherals.

















MSI Optix MAG321CQR 




                $260
              

                $360
              

                  28% off
                





This 32-inch, curved gaming panel from MSI boasts 1440p resolution and refresh rates of up to 144Hz. The monitor also features a 1ms response time and is compatible with AMD FreeSync.







              $260
              

at Newegg
            





              $330
              

at Adorama
            






The stellar Razer DeathAdder V2 Pro wireless gaming mouse is currently discounted to $80 on Amazon, its lowest price ever. The design of this mouse features four programmable buttons and is ambidextrous (but was made with right-handed gamers in mind). It has a 20K DPI sensor and can operate for up to 120 hours on a single charge, provided you’ve turned off the RGB lighting. This model is compatible with Razer’s mouse dock (sold separately), allowing you to charge it without plugging it in, which beats charging this mouse using the provided Micro USB cable. 













        
           | Image: Razer 
        
      



Razer DeathAdder V2 Pro Wireless Gaming Mouse




                $70
              

                $130
              

                  47% off
                





Razer’s DeathAdder V2 Pro is a lightweight gaming mouse that’s comfortable to use and is a good wireless alternative to its wired counterpart, with five onboard profiles and a 20K DPI optical sensor. 







              $70
              

at Amazon
            





              $70
              

at GameStop
            







    Related
  
Logitech reworked its G303 mouse just for Shroud, but you can buy it, too


Other deals you might be interested in


A vast array of Samsung wireless earbuds are discounted at Amazon, ranging from its bean-shaped Galaxy Buds Live for just $100 (usually around $120), the newer Galaxy Buds 2 for just $120 ($30 off), as well as its top-of-the-line Galaxy Buds Pro for $150 — a $50 discount.
Remember that huge list of Google Nest products that saw tremendous discounts earlier in the month? Even if you don’t, we thought you’d like to know that they’re back in play, so get some early shopping done now.








        Sign up for the
        
          newsletter
        
      
      Verge Deals
    
Subscribe to get the best Verge-approved tech deals of the week.






Just one more thing!
Please confirm your subscription to Verge Deals via the verification email we just sent you.




Email (required)






        By signing up, you agree to our Privacy Notice and European users agree to the data transfer policy.
        
      
Subscribe






Last month, Nvidia settled the age-old question once and for all — yes, it can run Crysis, whatever it is, as long as it can stream the company’s GeForce Now cloud gaming service. To prove it, Nvidia’s now giving away a copy of Crysis Remastered for free with every new six-month GeForce Now subscription, as well as the first wave of customers who’ve already subscribed or preordered GeForce Now’s impressive new RTX 3080 tier. It’s a limited-time offer.
You don’t even have to play that copy of Crysis using GeForce Now, by the way — it’s a full PC copy delivered via the Epic Games Store, and you can run it on your gaming desktop or laptop too. It’s yours to keep even after your subscription is over. Nvidia says it’s the first time GeForce Now has given away a game. 
“Current GeForce Now RTX 3080 members will receive game codes in the days ahead; while members who have preordered but haven’t been activated yet, will receive their game code when their GeForce Now RTX 3080 service is activated,” writes Nvidia.
It’s worth noting this isn’t the whole Crysis Remastered Trilogy, just the first game in the series, so we’re talking about a title that currently costs $30 on the Epic Games Store. That’s not necessarily a reason to pick up the service — I’d suggest trying GeForce Now’s free tier to make sure it works for you first — but if you’re already interested in a copy of the game and want to become a GFN subscriber, that’s a sizable discount off your six-month, $50 subscription to GeForce Now’s priority tier, or your $100 subscription for six months of the RTX 3080 service.


    Related
  
Hands-on: Nvidia’s GeForce Now just leapfrogged Google Stadia
Nvidia’s GeForce Now has been quietly capping its founders’ frame rates



Ring is releasing some holiday-themed Quick Replies to add some cheer to its doorbell’s automatic answering feature. Instead of the usual “We can’t answer the door right now, but if you’d like to leave a message, you can do it now” types of messages, you can instead have your Ring greet visitors by saying “We’re busy wrapping presents right now,” or have it automatically thank delivery workers for bringing gifts to your door. 
According to Ring, Quick Replies are available on pretty much every Ring doorbell. While the feature is free, you’ll have to be a paying subscriber if you want any visitor responses to your doorbell’s “Happy Holidays!” greeting to be recorded (though you can watch them happen live without a Ring Protect plan).
Like in previous years, you also have the option to set carols like “Deck the Halls,” “Jingle Bells,” or “Oh Hanukkah” as your chime tones, so you can experience getting tired of holiday music by mid-December without leaving home.
Is spreading holiday cheer more fun than creeping visitors out?
Ring seems to be building a collection of holiday-themed Quick Replies and ringtones — earlier this year, it added spooky ones for Halloween. Personally, I’m hoping there’s eventually a collection for every occasion; maybe you have a sappy love song play when someone’s at the door around Valentine’s Day (potentially leading to you realizing that the package delivery person is The One), or have your Ring tell guests to “come back later, we’re responsibly playing with fireworks” on the Fourth of July or New Year’s. 

Today, Spotify is finally rolling out its real-time lyrics feature globally, after previously only offering it in a limited selection of countries. 
The lyrics themselves are provided by Musixmatch, which claims to offer lyrics for “over 8 million” titles. and will be accessible on basically every platform where Spotify has an app. This includes iOS, Android, desktop computers, gaming consoles, and smart TVs. The feature is available to both free and premium listeners.
As well as using the lyrics to sing along yourself, there’s also a social element which allows you to share lyrics to social media. Spotify says the feature will be available across the “majority” of its music library.
Here’s how to access the lyrics (and share them) as per Spotify’s instructions: 

On the Spotify mobile app
Tap on the “Now Playing View” on a song.
While listening, swipe up from the bottom of the screen.
You’ll see track lyrics that scroll in real time as the song is playing!
To share, simply tap the “Share” button at the bottom of the lyrics screen and then select the lyrics you want to share — and where you want to share it — via third-party platforms.  
On the Spotify desktop app
From the “Now Playing” bar, click on the microphone icon while a song is playing.
Voila! You’ll see track lyrics that scroll in real time while the song plays.
On the SpotifyTV app
Open the “Now Playing View” on a song.
Navigate to the right corner to the “lyrics button” and select if you want to enable Lyrics. 
Once enabled, you’ll see the lyrics in the “Now Playing” View.

Spotify’s history with lyrics is complicated. It previously worked with Musixmatch to display song lyrics until parting ways with the company in 2016. Since then, it’s offered a “Behind the Lyrics” feature thanks to a partnership with Genius. It’s an interesting feature that offers background information on songs, but it’s less useful for karaoke sessions. Although it’s offered lyrics in some markets, like Japan, the feature hasn’t received a widespread launch in western markets like the US.
With the introduction of the new lyrics feature, Spotify tells TechCrunch that it’s discontinuing its “Behind the Lyrics” feature.

Walmart and drone delivery company Zipline are launching a delivery service in Pea Ridge, Arkansas — the first commercial drone delivery service offered by Zipline in the US. Customers will be able to choose from “thousands of products,” though are restricted to health and wellness items like “over the counter allergy medicine, bandages, ibuprofen.”
The project’s launch shows there’s continuing belief in the potential of drones to perform commercial deliveries. But the technology’s slow rate of adoption (Walmart first tested drone deliveries back in 2015) and the lack of large-scale implementations (the Pea Ridge service only covers a 50-mile radius) also shows there are plenty of questions to be answered if drone deliveries are to become commonplace for regular consumers. 
Vaccines make sense for drone deliveries — do diapers?
To date, Zipline has mostly proven its mettle in healthcare, delivering medical supplies in North Carolina, blood in Rwanda, and COVID-19 vaccines in Ghana. Here, the economics of deliveries are better suited to the expenses of the technology. Vaccines and blood samples are small, valuable, and benefit greatly from speedy delivery. Walmart is Zipline’s first commercial partner, and it’s not clear if the economics of drone delivery are as convincing for customers who want on-demand diapers and non-prescription medication.





 Grid View



























































































































For Walmart, drones may help it plug gaps in its delivery network, particularly in rural communities that aren’t well served by traditional infrastructure. Drones, of course, don’t need roads or highways, and Zipline’s aircraft make delivery by parachute, avoiding the need for customers to have designated landing zones. (This is one of the challenges that has reportedly stymied Amazon’s drone delivery ambitions.) There are other hurdles, of course, including regulatory ones, though Zipline was granted a waiver of certain FAA restrictions on drones earlier this year, which cleared the way for the Walmart partnership.
Residents in Pea Ridge, Arkansas who want to test out the drone delivery service will need to download Zipline’s app to do so. There they can place an order and pay for their items if they’re “eligible,” though we’re not quite sure what is meant by this term. Zipline told The Verge that access will start with “a hand-selected group of recipients,” and that following the launch, “Zipline and Walmart will quickly work to expand to additional customers in the broader NWA region, subject to FAA approvals.” But that doesn’t offer much help. It seems drone deliveries are still not arriving as fast as hoped. 

Google has responded to allegations that the Pixel 6 and Pixel 6 Pro don’t charge as fast as some have expected, confirming that their charging speeds are a deliberate tradeoff for better battery life. It follows a report from Android Authority which found that the phones’ maximum power draw was around 22W, well short of the 30W that Google’s latest USB-C charging brick is technically capable of. 
Writing in a community support post, a spokesperson for Google confirmed that the maximum power draw of the Pixel 6 and Pixel 6 Pro are 21W and 23W respectively when used with its 30W USB-C charging brick. They added that charging speeds also decrease as the phones’ batteries fill up to preserve their longevity.
In their post, they note that these figures are the inevitable results of battery tradeoffs. “A battery can be designed for high energy density, or for fast charging power capability, which requires trading off capacity to minimize battery degradation,” says the spokesperson. In other words, a phone can offer long battery life, or fast charging, but it can’t do both at the same time. So, Google prioritized a longer battery life and designed the phones to draw a more modest amount of power when charging.
This tracks with what we observed in our review of the two phones:
”Even if you do use a powerful enough charger, neither phone charges particularly quickly. Google aggressively slows down charging once it’s past 80 percent to preserve the battery cells’ longevity, and since these batteries are so large, getting to a full charge can take a long time. Fortunately, thanks to the long battery life, you will likely only have to charge when you’re sleeping anyway.”
Although Google’s support documents never explicitly state the charging speeds of the new phones, their compatibility with Google’s 30W charging brick (sold separately) was taken by many to mean that their real-world maximum charging speeds would approach the 30W level, and would be far faster than the 18W charging supported by the Pixel 5. But in reality, Android Authority’s report found that the actual power draw of both phones peaks at 22W and averages around 13W over the course of a full cycle. 
The effect of this is that the phones charge far slower than you might expect, with Android Authority finding that the Pixel 6 Pro takes almost two hours to reach a full charge. That’s 49 minutes slower than Samsung’s Galaxy S21 Ultra, which has a similarly-sized battery but is only advertised with 25W fast charging speeds. In fact, Google’s power draw is so conservative that its 30W charger only fully charges a Pixel 6 Pro 10 minutes faster than its old 18W charger.
Google never claimed that the phones charge at 30W. Instead, it advertised the amount of time it takes to get from 0 to 50 and 80 percent when charged using its 30W charger — 30 minutes and around an hour, respectively. This is in line with what Android Authority found in its tests.
As well as charging speeds, Google also recently clarified that the seemingly sluggish performance of the phones’ fingerprint scanner is because of their “enhanced security algorithms.” It later released an update containing “some fingerprint sensor performance improvements,” although the improvements it delivered appeared to be minimal in practice.

Microsoft has been having a hell of a time celebrating 20 years of Xbox this week, adding 76 new games to the Xbox backward compatibility library, launching a Halo-themed Xbox Series X, and a 20th anniversary translucent controller. But, true to the company’s habit of corporate mischief, it’s also been leavening its announcements with plenty of Easter eggs.
The new hardware that launched this week features the best looking Xbox Series X console and controllers we’ve seen so far, particularly the stylish translucent one. All of this new hardware also includes some hidden secrets, too. For example, Reddit users have discovered that the Halo-themed Xbox Series X console has a hidden Zeta Halo symbol on the front.










The hidden Halo Zeta symbol.
Image: Reddit (Demon_King_Lamb)


You’ll need to shine a black or UV light on the console to actually see this little Easter egg, but it’s a neat touch for a limited edition 20th anniversary console that celebrates the launch of Halo: Combat Evolved and the original Xbox in 2001.
That UV light will also come in handy if you’ve purchased a 20th anniversary Xbox controller. If you shine the UV light on the packaging that the controller ships with, you’ll see the original Duke controller that came with the original Xbox console in 2001. 


Yes!!! And the new 20th anniversary Xbox controller, it has the old controller from 2001 when you shine the black light on it! pic.twitter.com/DriHhsIuen— Hannah (@Hannah31754354) November 16, 2021



The secrets don’t end there, either. If you were lucky enough to secure a Halo-themed Xbox Elite 2 controller, Microsoft has packed in a special code that lets you add a little controller charm to your guns inside Halo Infinite. It’s perfect for the early launch of Halo Infinite multiplayer that took place earlier this week.
The miniature controller will attach to your weapons in the multiplayer version of the game, bouncing around when you’re busy throwing grenades and using your melee button. If you purchase the NERF versions of the MA40 or the Bulldog SG, they also include a little charm for your weapons, and even unique weapon skins in Halo Infinite multiplayer.


This is just the cutest thing ever!If you buy the Halo Elite Controller, you also get a little controller charm for your weapons in the game!   #Halo #HaloInfinite #HaloInfiniteMP @Xbox @XboxSE pic.twitter.com/pnuO7WsdvT— Wael (@WaelHasno) November 17, 2021



Microsoft loves to hide little Xbox-related Easter eggs everywhere. A 20-year-old Xbox Easter egg was discovered earlier this year, and Xbox chief Phil Spencer hid the Xbox Series S on his shelf before it was officially announced. Master Chief is also hidden inside the Xbox One X riding a scorpion, or part of the fan on the Xbox Series X. We’ll keep our eyes peeled for any other 20th anniversary Xbox Easter eggs that Microsoft has hidden away.

Microsoft is rolling out a new November update for Xbox consoles that will make it a lot easier to swap your controller between a console and a PC or laptop. Instead of having to trawl through menus to change connections, the update lets you switch between previously connected devices by simply double tapping the controller’s pair button.
This feature has been available on modern Xbox Series X / S controller since their launch last year, but the new firmware update brings this option to Xbox One controllers with Bluetooth support and the Xbox Elite 2 controller. However, you’ll only be able to use it to quickly switch between a Bluetooth device and an Xbox console, and not two Xbox consoles.


did you know Xbox controllers have a secret button feature? It lets you quickly switch between paired devices. Here’s how it works pic.twitter.com/fjJC9Dv0kA— Tom Warren (@tomwarren) September 17, 2021



The new firmware update also adds Dynamic Latency Input (DLI) to older Xbox One controllers, which reduces the input latency on controllers connected to Xbox Series X / S consoles to make gameplay more responsive.
Alongside the controller changes, Microsoft is also improving audio output settings on all Xbox consoles. New audio options include the ability to mute speaker audio when a headset is attached, useful if you’re playing at night and don’t want to disturb family members or neighbors.










New Xbox audio options.
Image: Microsoft


New color filters are also part of this update for Xbox Series X / S consoles, which will help players with color blindness or color vision deficiency. Microsoft is also allowing game developers to tag their titles with up to 20 accessibility features which will make it a lot easier for people with disabilities to find which games support these visual, audio, and input tweaks. More than 325 games are supported right now, and filtering options will be available in the coming months.
This latest dashboard update also includes Xbox Cloud Gaming (xCloud) integration, allowing older Xbox One consoles to play Xbox Series X games. The feature requires a Game Pass Ultimate subscription and will be available in 25 regions, and a subset of Xbox owners can start trying it out with the November update.
Microsoft’s new November Xbox update is available right now for all Xbox One and Xbox Series X / S consoles.

Now that Boost Mobile will be on the AT&T network, after its owner Dish signed with AT&T back in July 2021, the MVNO is changing things up with its service plans. Today, Boost is announcing the first of many so-called “Carrier Crusher” plans it will be rolling out this holiday season.
If you’re paying for your unlimited cellular service plan but have been living on a Wi-Fi connection since 2020, Boost Mobile is offering an interesting proposition for new and existing customers. You can get 12 months of unlimited talk and text, plus 1GB of 4G or 5G data per month, for just $100 for the year (plus tax) from Boost. This works out to $8.33 per month (again plus tax), considerably less than even the lowest cost prepaid plans. Both current and new customers who have an active Boost phone, and can commit to using Boost for a year, will be eligible for these new plans. 
Once you reach your data cap, your speed will be throttled, but you can always buy more Data Packs in the amount you need. They can be added to your plan on a as-needed basis (you have 30 days to use it up), or automatically added to your plan every month until you cancel:

$5 for 1GB
$10 for 2GB
$15 for 5GB
$30 for 10GB

Alternatively, if 1GB of data is not enough, and you don’t want to bother paying per gigabyte of data, then a $240 per year plan ($20 per month plus tax) with unlimited talk and text and 15GB of data per month, is also available. This way, you won’t have to worry about getting throttled anytime you watch a few 4K movie trailers by accident.
For those who prefer to pay for your cellular service each month rather than make one lump sum payment once a year, Boost Mobile is introducing two additional new plans:

$25 per month with unlimited talk and text, with 5GB of high-speed data per month
$15 per month with unlimited talk and text, with 2GB of high-speed data per month

With the ongoing pandemic and many of us still working from home, you might be using more Wi-Fi than cellular data these days. If you’re within Boost Mobile and AT&T’s coverage area and not currently tied to a plan, you might want to look at pre-paid services that might better suit your current mobile needs. 


Niantic has released details of Pokémon Go’s upcoming Ed Sheeran collaboration in a new blog post, a little over a day after first teasing the surprising crossover. The event kicks off on November 22nd at 2pm ET (11am PT), and will run for a little over a week until November 30th. The main feature appears to be a performance of some sort from Ed Sheeran, though what form this will take (a pre-recorded video? A virtual Ed avatar?) isn’t at all clear. 
Niantic says the performance will include songs from Sheeran’s new album, titled = (yes, the name of the album is the equals sign), and that it’ll be accessible from the News section of the Pokémon Go app. Right now, this section is just a news feed of announcements and blog posts, so this doesn’t offer much of a hint about what shape the performance will take. 


That’s not all! In celebration of Ed Sheeran’s favorite Pokémon, Squirtle wearing sunglasses will be returning to Pokémon GO!  We might be “Thinking Out Loud,” but the thought of catching this Squirtle again feels so “Perfect” that it’s giving us “Shivers.”— Pokémon GO (@PokemonGoApp) November 18, 2021



With the event, Niantic appears to be attempting to follow in the footsteps of Epic Games, which has offered a number of in-game music events in Fortnite over the years from artists like Travis Scott and Ariana Grande. Epic has cited pop culture events like these as a key part of its attempt to expand Fortnite from a game into a metaverse-style social space, and Niantic hasn’t been shy about its own metaverse plans.
As well as Sheeran’s performance, the event will also include more typical Pokémon Go gameplay elements. A number of water-type pokémon and the special sunglasses-wearing variety of Squirtle will be available to catch (“Ed always chooses the water-type pokémon as his first partner” you see), and there’ll also be a branded = sweatshirts you can equip your avatar with. Over the course of the week, Ed Sheeran’s song “Overpass Graffiti” will also play during the night in-game.
In-game events like these are big business for Niantic. This year’s Go Fest event, which took place in July, reportedly brought in around $21 million in revenue over the course of two days, according to analytics firm Sensor Tower, Eurogamer reported.

Mario Kart Live: Home Circuit, Nintendo’s AR-powered Mario Kart game that lets you race physical toy karts around your home with the Nintendo Switch, just got updated to version 2.0 with a much-requested feature: splitscreen local multiplayer.
Previously, multiplayer Mario Kart Live: Home Circuit was a complex and costly endeavor. You’d need two karts — the base game only comes with one — as well as two Nintendo Switch consoles, and the action would play out on each player’s Switch screen. With the 2.0 update, you can hook up one Switch to a TV so both players can stay on the couch as they race their karts around the room.


    Related
  
Mario Kart Live: Home Circuit is a simple racer that can feel like magic
Mario Kart Live: Home Circuit’s multiplayer is expensive and chaotic

There’s also a new Relay Race mode that allows for multiplayer games with just a single kart. Between two and four players can select their own characters, with control switching between them after every lap. In addition, the update is adding a new tournament called the Luigi Cup along with three new courses.
Nintendo is further lowering the barrier to entry by including Mario Kart Live: Home Circuit in its Black Friday sales. The game —including one kart — will cost $59.99 from November 21st, which saves you $40 off the MSRP. 

I have some terrible news: Disney has confirmed you’ll never get to try the “real” retractable lightsaber whose very existence, subsequent reveal, and patented design made us giddy back in April and May of this year. 


    Related
  
How Disney’s ‘real’ lightsaber patent actually works
Disney reveals its ‘real’ lightsaber, and it looks extremely cool

While the incredible disappearing lightsaber replica will indeed feature at Disney’s new Star Wars: Galactic Starcruiser hotel — a Westworld-esque experience for the very wealthy where stays cost upwards of $4,800 and yet is already sold out for its first four months — GameSpot and IGN report that Disney won’t be letting you touch that lightsaber for yourself.
“Unfortunately, that lightsaber isn’t for guests to use or purchase. It’s strictly for use by the performers,” writes IGN. 
“Trowbridge confirmed in a group interview that guests will never actually use that lightsaber, but that it will be part of the Galactic Starcruiser experience,” says GameSpot. 
Damn.
Your multi-thousand dollar ticket does include some lightsaber training, though. GameSpot continues:
Instead, you will be given what feels like a high-end, yet slimmed-down lightsaber replica with a fixed blade. You power it up and all of the sounds and vibrations you would expect are there, but if you walk in expecting to get to play with the new one Disney has developed, let this serve as a warning.
Here’s IGN again:
The session involves using the provided lightsabers to deflect laser beams fired by a wall-mounted training remote. It starts off slow, letting you get a feel for how it works, and then it ramps up to Jedi level where you’re Forced to block attacks without even seeing the lasers. The lightsaber used in this activity feels about on par with a Force FX lightsaber, though it is a tad shorter, but it’s only meant to be used for lightsaber training and won’t be available for sale.
Here’s some concept art for that and other experiences Disney wants to offer in the Galactic Starcruiser — it doesn’t appear to have let IGN, GameSpot or any other outlets photograph the actual experience, though you can read more about it at those source links.










Disney/Lucasfilm Ltd.












Disney












Disney/Lucasfilm Ltd.












Disney/Lucasfilm Ltd.












© Disney © & TM Lucasfilm












Disney/Lucasfilm Ltd.


You can also find some pictures of new merch available at the hotel at StarWars.com.

Cher Scarlett, an Apple engineer who helped organize pay equity surveys and anti-harassment / discrimination campaigns at the company, will be leaving the company and requesting the withdrawal of a complaint she made to the National Labor Relations Board (or NLRB), according to a report from Bloomberg. The software engineer announced on Twitter that Friday would be her last day at Apple. Scarlett’s lawyers told The Verge that she had reached a private settlement with the company, but she declined to provide details about the terms when asked by Bloomberg.
Scarlett is leaving voluntarily, according to Bloomberg, unlike some other organizers who were fired from the company after speaking out. During her time at Apple, she was reportedly accused of leaking information to the press by other employees, something that’s strongly discouraged by Apple leadership, and that she denies doing.


Friday is my last day at Apple.I’m taking a bit of time to decide where I’d like to go next, and will announce when I’ve made that decision. — Cher Scarlett   (@cherthedev) November 17, 2021



The charge she’s requested be withdrawn was filed in September, when Scarlett said that Apple had “engaged in coercive and suppressive activity that has enabled abuse and harassment of organizers of protected concerted activity,” according to Reuters. She made the complaint after she and others at the company struggled to conduct a pay equity survey for Apple employees, with the company repeatedly shutting down their attempts. Scarlett also told Reuters that Apple wouldn’t allow employees to create a Slack room to talk about pay equity.


    Related
  
Tim Cook says employees who leak memos do not belong at Apple, according to leaked memo

Scarlett withdrawing her complaint won’t necessarily leave Apple in the clear — the company faces a number of other complaints, including ones alleging wrongful termination from other employees Scarlett worked with to organize the #AppleToo movement. #AppleToo aimed to get support for Apple employees who experienced discrimination or harassment if the company’s policies failed to provide it. 
Scarlett’s lawyers told Bloomberg that they hoped the company’s employees would continue to organize, a sentiment echoed by other activists that are no longer with the company. 

Streamlabs has promised to remove “OBS” from the name of its livestreaming software, Streamlabs OBS, following backlash from streamers and the open-source livestreaming platform OBS Studio. OBS Studio says it asked Streamlabs not to use its name, which stands for “Open Broadcaster Software,” only to have the company do so anyway. Streamlabs has also been accused of copying the website of another broadcasting software, with all the drama hashed out on Twitter.
The controversy started when Lightstream, another livestreaming app maker, tweeted out screenshots of its website right beside Streamlabs’, saying, “Hey, can I copy your homework?” suggesting that Streamlabs copied Lightstream. Stu Grubbs, the CEO of Lightstream, later retweeted the image, stating, “The team at @streamlabs should be ashamed. Not satisfied enough to ride @OBSProject’s hard work.”


We’re often faced with confused users and even companies who do not understand the difference between the two apps.Support volunteers are sometimes met with angry users demanding refunds. We've had interactions with several companies who did not realize our apps were separate.— OBS (@OBSProject) November 17, 2021



Following Grubbs’ tweet, OBS got in on the action — in a reply to Grubb, OBS alleges that Streamlabs’ name has proven problematic for the brand. OBS says that customers and other companies have confused OBS and Streamlabs due to the “OBS” abbreviation that Streamlabs tacks on its name. 
OBS also claims it was approached by Streamlabs when the service first launched and asked if it could use “OBS” in its name. OBS says it “kindly asked them not to,” but Streamlabs still used the name anyway. “We’ve tried to sort this out in private and they have been uncooperative at every turn,” OBS’s tweet says. OBS acknowledges that Streamlabs did everything right legally but instead “repeatedly disregarded the spirit of open source and of giving back.”


streamlabs better resolve this entire thread of issues or i’ll be asking them to take my face off the platform + look to use another donation service. https://t.co/jfJoxIvc0y— imane   (@imane) November 17, 2021



Popular streamers quickly caught onto the drama. Pokimane, one of the most well-known personalities on Twitch, threatened to stop representing and using the platform if Streamlabs doesn’t resolve the issue.


pic.twitter.com/00sjHsmntF— Streamlabs (@streamlabs) November 17, 2021



Streamlabs later responded to the accusations in a tweet, stating that it will take immediate action to remove “OBS” from its product name. It also notes that “Streamlabs OBS is built on top of the OBS open-source platform” and that its own platform is also open-source. To me, this just seems like Streamlabs’ weak justification for using the name.
Streamlabs was likely faced with no choice but to change its name, especially when a Twitch streamer with over 8 million followers threatens to stop representing the service. The entire drama does make you wonder if Streamlabs intentionally put OBS in its name to attract people to its service. After all, basically everyone in the world of streaming knows OBS.


    Related
  
Streamlabs launches monthly tipping service as an alternative to Twitch subscriptions



The Kyle Rittenhouse trial in Kenosha, Wisconsin has once again gone off track because of basic technology problems: Rittenhouse’s defense attorneys today requested a mistrial because prosecutors sent them a drone video via email, which compressed the video in size. This is after earlier arguments about what pinch-to-zoom does or does not do, and the judge struggling with the screenshot features on his Galaxy S20.
Rittenhouse faces five felony charges for shooting three men and killing two of them last year during a protest in Kenosha. CNN reports the motion for a mistrial is focused on when and how defense attorneys received a copy of a drone video showing the shootings that was shown to the jury in open court.
Rittenhouse’s lawyers say they only received a copy of the drone video on November 5th, after the trial started, and that instead of the 11.2MB video possessed by the state, the file they received was just 3.6MB. “What that means is the video provided to the defense was not as clear as the video kept by the state,” the motion for mistrial claims.
Prosecutors say they only obtained the video file directly from the drone operator after the trial started — the footage was already public, as it had aired on The Tucker Carlson Show on Fox News within days of the shooting during an appearance by the defendant’s first attorney, and a lower-quality version of the video was part of the defense’s exhibits.
“Going from an iPhone to an Android, it appears, somehow compressed the file. We did not know that this would occur.”
The prosecutors said the individual who took the footage came to investigators after the trial had started and transferred a higher-quality version of the video to a detective via AirDrop. The detective brought the video to court, and minutes after his arrival the prosecution told defense attorneys that they had obtained a much better quality version of the video than was previously available. The detective emailed a copy to Rittenhouse’s attorney Natalie Wisco, who uses an Android mobile device, and she transferred that file to the defense’s laptop. 
Assistant District Attorney James Kraus told the court that “going from an iPhone to an Android, it appears, somehow compressed the file [...] we did not know that this would occur. We gave what we fully believed was the full file to Ms. Wisco [...] it came in without objection and was an exhibit for four days, displayed for the jury on full screen.” The prosecution says that they did not know the version she received was of lower quality until just a few days ago when Wisco displayed the file she had received on a defense laptop in court.
The iPhone’s Mail app automatically compresses video files sent as an attachment, and the defense attorney describes getting a renamed .mov file in a format that sounds exactly like an Apple Mail-app compressed video from an iPhone user. The defense was ultimately able to retrieve the full-resolution video file after sending an attorney to collect it on a USB stick.
Wisconsin defense attorney Jessa Nicholson Goetz tells The Verge that “it is not normal that video or other electronic evidence is AirDropped to defense counsel in the middle of a trial. That is highly atypical.”
According to Goetz, Wisconsin law says that “any evidence that the state intends to use at trial must be disclosed ‘at a reasonable time before trial,’” and that “a mid-trial AirDrop in no way meets the requirements.” She also notes that prosecutors and courts in Wisconsin routinely handle video evidence. “Many police departments have body cams required, and virtually all squad cars statewide are equipped with video that turns on automatically if the vehicle’s emergency lights are activated. All of those videos are regularly provided via flash drive or CD-ROM/DVD,” says Goetz. “I have never encountered receiving a different or lower quality version of video evidence than the original video.”
As for why the procedures for handling evidence in this case seem so sloppy, Goetz tells The Verge that evidentiary rules vary from county to county, with some courts that use online portals to transfer files back and forth, some that require mailed hard copies, and others that require prosecutors to allow defense attorneys to physically retrieve whatever files they need on USB drives.
Rittenhouse’s defense initially requested a mistrial with prejudice, which would have prevented the case from being tried again. It has dropped the “with prejudice” from the request, and so far the judge has not ruled on the motion, even as the jury deliberates and looks at the video. NBC 5 News reports that Kenosha County Circuit Judge Bruce Schroeder says resolving the issue will require testimony from an expert witness.

Here are some facts. Mattel promoted a new toy Barbie car on Wednesday by showing off a full-size mockup at the 2021 LA Auto Show. The mockup was, according to Roadshow, based on an all-electric Fiat 500e. Not long after, Mattel’s stock pared back early-morning losses and finished the day’s trading slightly in the green.
Now, are those things related? Probably not. But weirder things have happened, especially lately. Hertz announced a deal with Tesla and hired Tom Brady to make commercials, and then Elon Musk said the deal wasn’t done. Rivian passed every automaker in market cap except for Toyota and Tesla despite only shipping a few electric pickup trucks. Startups like Faraday Future, Canoo, and Lordstown Motors have collectively raised billions of dollars even though they won’t sell cars until next year at best.
The funny thing is we’re not really so far off from a world where Mattel could try to “make” and sell a (limited run) real-life Barbie EV. Traditional suppliers like Magna and newcomers like Foxconn are developing electric vehicle platforms that are meant to be easily adaptable to different cabins, or “top hats,” so some of the hardest work is already done. In fact, Fisker Inc., which showed off its electric SUV a few hours before the Barbie car debuted, is already doing this. It has taken an extremely “asset-light” approach by outsourcing its manufacturing to Magna (and will also do the same with Foxconn) and is instead far more focused on design and in-car experience.
If we’ve learned anything from the last two years of weird money news, it’s that even if the technical and logistical barriers to an otherwise hard idea are now lower, there are still far easier ways to do some financial shenanigans if that’s truly the goal. In fact, it seems so easy at times that companies regularly now find themselves tripping over a new, higher stock price — kind of like what probably happened with Mattel on Wednesday.
Never mind all that, though, because now I’m going to spend the rest of the day thinking about what it would look like if Mattel spun out its new Barbie EV division and merged it with a SPAC.

Say you want to buy an early printing of the US Constitution, but you’ve only got a couple of bucks. Normally, you’d be out of luck, but maybe not today: over the last week, a collective has formed to raise enough money to buy a rare early printing of the Constitution at auction, raising money from anyone who wants to chip in online.
The document is expected to sell at Sotheby’s for as high as $20 million — what would seem to be an insurmountable price for a crowdfunding initiative. And yet, somehow, the collective has raised $27 million to date. And they still have more than 24 hours to go.
There’s a lot going on here, so I’m just going to break it down piece by piece:

The document being purchased is one of 13 remaining copies of the Official Edition of the Constitution, a final draft created for the Continental Congress, according to Sotheby’s.
The group raising money to buy the copy is called the ConstitutionDAO.
DAO stands for “decentralized autonomous organization.” A lot of these have been popping up lately in the crypto space, usually with specific goals, like selling merch or... buying a copy of the US Constitution.
DAOs are basically worker coops for crypto nerds. It’s a kind of decentralized corporation with all the rules inscribed into smart contracts on the Ethereum blockchain, so all the sensitive corporate functions happen in a decentralized and automatic way. In practice, it’s a way to raise a lot of money really fast for some kind of capital-intensive collective endeavor like buying a copy of the Constitution.
Separately, we’ve seen more and more instances of people collectively pooling finances online in ways that have real-world impact but are also basically silly: see the whole GameStonk thing.
ConstitutionDAO had been picking up speed in recent days, but it really exploded this afternoon after being featured in The New York Times, raising more than $10 million today alone.
Because it’s a DAO, all of the money is being raised in Ether. Then, to track who gets a say in the organization, contributors will get governance tokens, giving them the ability to vote on what becomes of the document (should they successfully buy it).
If ConstitutionDAO wins the auction, they intend to find a partner organization that will publicly display it, ideally for free to visitors.
If they lose, money will be sent back to contributors, minus fees.

The auction is being held on Thursday at 6:30PM ET. Good luck to whoever is bidding against the collective will of the internet.

Haptics company HaptX claims Meta (formerly Facebook) copied its patented designs in a glove that the tech giant revealed yesterday. HaptX — a longtime player in the virtual and augmented reality industry — says parts of the glove appear “substantively identical” to its own work using pneumatics to simulate physical touch.
“We welcome interest and competition in the field of microfluidic haptics; however, competition must be fair for the industry to thrive,” said HaptX founder and CEO Jake Rubin in a statement. “While we have not yet heard from Meta, we look forward to working with them to reach a fair and equitable arrangement that addresses our concerns and enables them to incorporate our innovative technology into their future consumer products.”


Our statement on Meta's microfluidic glove prototype https://t.co/v4G5LqkHsY pic.twitter.com/q33BQ5D6jF— HaptX (@HaptX) November 16, 2021



The Meta glove is an in-progress design that won’t be commercialized for years, if ever. However, Meta Reality Labs — a VR- and AR-focused research division — believes touch is a vital piece of future consumer-focused VR / AR systems. The glove uses inflatable rubber pads and a sophisticated control system to create a sensation of pressure or resistance when users touch virtual objects. HaptX developed a similar inflation-based system that it sells to professional clients rather than consumers.
HaptX, formerly known as AxonVR, debuted publicly in 2016 after four years in stealth mode. Meta researchers say they developed their first glove prototype in mid-2015, not long after the tech giant acquired VR startup Oculus. However, Meta has substantially expanded on its initial prototype, and HaptX claims the two companies have had extended interactions. “Over the years, we’ve hosted many engineers, researchers, and executives from Meta to demonstrate our groundbreaking haptic technology,” said Rubin.
Meta has been accused of unfairly competing against VR software developers by cloning their products while limiting access to the Quest platform. This situation is slightly different because HaptX is accusing Meta of direct patent infringement — something that could potentially lead to legal action. Reached for comment, HaptX declined to comment on what it would consider a fair agreement with Meta, as well as whether it might pursue a lawsuit if it fails to reach one.
A Meta spokesperson declined to comment on the allegations.

Instagram’s standalone messaging service Threads will cease to exist by the end of 2021, Meta has confirmed to TechCrunch. The app will display a notice prompting users to return to Instagram starting November 23rd. 
Threads was a similar idea to Facebook Messenger — it allowed users to send and receive Instagram DMs in a dedicated messaging interface outside of the main app. It had a collection of quirky features, including automatic statuses that the app could set for you based on what your phone was doing. All of those tools will be available in Instagram itself by the time Threads shuts down, the company said in a statement to TechCrunch.
“We’re bringing the fun and unique features we had on Threads to the main Instagram app.”
Meta is also in the process of consolidating its many messaging platforms. Messenger and Instagram now both support cross-platform messaging, and the company has said it intends to incorporate WhatsApp as well. Threads — an app solely connected to Instagram — may make less sense the more the lines blur between Instagram, Messenger, and WhatsApp. 
But it’s also the case that not a heck of a lot of people were using Threads to begin with. The app had just over 200,000 users as of last year, which is a tiny percentage of Instagram’s billion-plus user base. Meta tried a number of things last year — it redesigned the app entirely and expanded its use cases from just the close friends list to all users — but it seems they weren’t enough to save it. 
Reached for comment, Instagram spokesperson Christine Pai provided the following statement to The Verge: “We know that people care about connecting with their close friends, and we’ve seen this particularly over the past few years with the growth of messaging on Instagram.” Pai added, “We’re now focusing our efforts on enhancing how you connect with close friends on Instagram, and depracating the Threads app.”
Updated November 17th, 4:36M ET: Added statement from Instagram.

PlayStation leadership has asked Activision Blizzard how it will address the allegations in the shocking Wall Street Journal report about the embattled studio, according to Bloomberg. PlayStation boss Jim Ryan reportedly informed employees of the action in an email.
“We outreached to Activision immediately after the article was published to express our deep concern and to ask how they plan to address the claims made in the article,” Ryan wrote, reports Bloomberg. “We do not believe their statements of response properly address the situation.”
Activision Blizzard and Sony didn’t immediately reply to a request for comment. We’ve asked Microsoft and Nintendo if they have communicated concerns to Activision Blizzard.  
The WSJ alleges Kotick has been aware of sexual misconduct allegations at the company for years
Activision Blizzard has been under intense scrutiny for months after the state of California filed a lawsuit alleging the company created a culture of sexual harassment and discrimination. Activision Blizzard has made some changes, including ending forced arbitration and adopting a zero-tolerance harassment policy, and CEO Bobby Kotick took a significant pay cut. But the WSJ’s report alleges that Kotick has been aware of sexual misconduct allegations at the company for years and that he has his own history of harassment and abusive behavior. 
In a statement Tuesday, Activision Blizzard said the WSJ’s report “presents a misleading view of Activision Blizzard and our CEO.” Kotick reiterated the company was moving forward with its zero-tolerance policy in a video to employees. And the company’s board of directors published a statement in support of Kotick’s leadership.
Activision Blizzard employees walked out on Tuesday in response to the WSJ’s report. A group of Activision Blizzard shareholders representing a small portion of the company’s total shares has demanded Kotick’s resignation.

Wyze has built a reputation for astonishingly affordable gadgets. Sure, they don’t always knock it out of the park: while the company’s $20 security cam put an entire industry on notice, we ultimately decided the barebones $20 Wyze Watch was too much a work-in-progress to give it a review.
But this May, I took a chance on the new Wyze Buds Pro, a $74 pair of wireless earbuds, and couldn’t believe how good they are. They offer true active noise cancellation and wireless charging at a previously unheard-of price while also punching way above their weight in audio quality. I put them head-to-head against the $80 Jabra Elite 3, which we recently praised for nailing the essentials. It wasn’t even a competition: I’d pick the Wyze Buds Pro every time.
Well, except for exercise.






Our review of 
Wyze Buds Pro


Verge Score
8 out of 10






Good Stuff

Excellent sound for the price
Wireless charging
Decent noise cancellation





Bad Stuff

Fatiguing highs
Finicky touch controls
Wind noise
Below average battery life






Buy for $73.99 from Wyze
Buy for $89.98 from Amazon



It’s tempting to compare the Wyze Buds Pro to Apple’s AirPods Pro. They certainly look similar — pod-shaped earbuds with offset silicone tips and long stems, housed in almost identically sized pill-shaped charging cases, with LED indicator dots up front and the same exposed metal hinge on the backside. Heck, they almost make the same sound flipping open and closed. You can almost hear Wyze marketers whispering: “Why would you pay three times as much for Apple?”

 









The metal hinge, in particular, seems to work identically.



 









Wyze Buds Pro vs. Apple AirPods Pro 




That’s not a fair comparison, though. The AirPods automatically pair to Apple devices, offer spatial audio tricks, and sound a bit better on balance (Apple’s sound is not as clear but is less harsh). I’m not talking about Apple when I say the Wyze Buds Pro punch way above their weight, much less class-leading earbuds like Sony’s WF-1000XM4. I’m talking about the entire rest of the market. 
At the time I ordered them in May, I couldn’t find a single other product with both noise canceling and wireless charging for under $100, much less $74. Previously, I owned a pair of first-gen Amazon Echo Buds, which originally cost $130 with neither of those features and a last-gen Micro USB charging port. And yet, those Echo Buds were themselves considered aggressively priced just two years ago for managing to fit Bose noise reduction and always-on Alexa access for that much money. 
But after a single day with the Wyze Buds Pro, I was ready to throw my Amazon pods in the battery recycling can.











Hi, it’s me, Sean, shooting a sideways selfie during the pandemic with an Apple Watch as a viewfinder.



It’s the clarity. Even as my favorite songs layer on instrument after instrument, I can make out the words, lyrics which can generally feel a tad drowned out by the mix. This audio is sharp, sometimes even to a fault: the snazzy processed sound can make the Wyze Buds Pro’s highs too tinny in songs that heavily rely on electronics. (When I finished Chvrches’ excellent new album Screen Violence, I was very ready to give my ears a rest.)


A quick note:
Wyze treats its products like works-in-progress, with features and prices that sometimes change after launch. I got two full firmware updates via the (optional) Wyze app, and while it was generally smooth sailing, I saw a small handful of bugs. One time, one of the earbuds shut down entirely on a call until I placed them back in the case to reboot. Another time, both earbuds were locked at extremely low volume. The auto pause feature wasn’t totally reliable when I pulled them out of my ears, though it’s far better than having none. And while I bought them at the original advertised price of $60, they’re now $74. (The $20 Wyze Cam also retails for $36 now.)
While I tested primarily on iOS, Wyze claims to offer a couple extra features for the Buds Pro on Android: Bluetooth Fast Pair, which I didn’t actually get to work on my Pixel 4a, and a way to access Amazon’s Alexa voice assistant without a weird workaround that involves force-closing the Wyze app.




But when I tried on the $80 Jabra Elite 3, or the OG Echo Buds, or even my Steelseries Arctis Pro Wireless, I couldn’t believe how much muddier my other headsets sounded — how much mud it felt the Wyze Buds Pro had removed from my ears. I could pick out instruments with ease, even ones that aren’t supposed to be there; the clink of silverware during a live recording of Vienna Teng, for example. You also get a remarkable amount of bass for true wireless buds, even without the bass boost feature turned on. Despite the fatiguing highs, I still cranked up the volume to revel in the clear mids and deep, booming lows when I went out each evening for my daily walk. (The mic is not particularly good, but callers told me I sounded fine.) 
Walking is about as far as I’d trust these as a pair of exercise headphones, though. I admit my ears are finicky about buds of all kinds, but there’s no question the Wyze Buds Pro are designed to fit loosely, held in only by the slight pressure of an oval silicone eartip up front and the way your ear (hopefully) cups the glossy smooth plastic pod around back. They threatened to fall out more than once when I tried anything as brisk as a jog, the right one gets a little looser when I chew, and I did drop them several times trying to put them in, including right under my cramped seat (twice) on a long flight to NYC. That wasn’t a problem with the Jabra, whose beefy round eartips and sculpted shape felt locked into my ears.










They’re a fairly loose fit in my ears, though not as loose as Apple’s third-gen AirPods. 


And while Wyze’s noise cancellation held up admirably on the flight, deadening that jet-engine sound quite a bit, I have no idea why the company advertises “wind noise reduction” for your music — even walking in a light breeze buffets the noise-canceling microphones enough to ruin my music. It also doesn’t help that Wyze expects you to carefully stab a tiny touch-sensitive spot on the top of the stem a precise number of times to skip tracks, change the volume, or summon a voice assistant. I wound up using my phone or smartwatch for all of that, ignoring the buttons except when I wanted to switch to Wyze’s transparency mode to pipe more of the world around me. Again, not optimal for exercise. 
The other kind of person who probably shouldn’t buy the Wyze Buds Pro is the constant listener, someone who depends on music all day. With noise canceling on and the volume and bass cranked up the way I like, I saw a little over three hours of use on a charge. That’s not great. But it also wasn’t a problem for me: I tend to put them back in the case after an album or a podcast or a long evening walk, and the battery case charges them quickly: I saw 20 percent in the tank after 12 minutes, 65 percent after 20 minutes, and they were fully charged when I checked back an hour later. I was able to stay away from a charger for two whole weeks of casual use, racking up 15 hours and 42 minutes of total battery life during that time. 










I like that they don’t have any visible logos sticking out of my ears. 


Sure, the class-leading $278 Sony XM4s can go eight hours on a charge with ANC on and 24 hours with their charging case... but for now, for $74, I’m satisfied. 
Recently, I’ve heard that Wyze may not be the only game in town anymore for inexpensive quality earbuds with true active noise canceling, wireless charging, and USB-C — reviewers are saying good things about the $80 Anker SoundCore Life P3 as well, which come with a notably less pocketable case but also offer a lot more battery life in exchange. Maybe I’ll try that next. Or maybe I’ll wait a couple more years and see if we experience yet another dramatic improvement in Bluetooth value for money. Here’s hoping the next wave comes with multipoint audio to connect to two devices at a time. Even the top-shelf Sonys don’t have that on lock.


Agree to continue: Wyze Buds Pro
Every smart device now requires you to agree to a series of terms and conditions before you can use it — contracts that no one actually reads. It’s impossible for us to read and analyze every single one of these agreements. But we’re going to start counting exactly how many times you have to hit “agree” to use devices when we review them since these are agreements most people don’t read and definitely can’t negotiate.
You can use the Wyze Buds Pro without ever touching the app, which means you won’t need to accept any contracts. But if you want to turn on the bass boost, change the touch controls, or get firmware updates, you’ll need to install the same Wyze app that the company uses for its home security products. Creating an account means agreeing to the Wyze Terms of Service and Privacy Statement. It also asks for your phone number, but you can skip that part. 
Final tally: two mandatory agreements. 




EV startup Fisker Inc. has revealed the production version of its first electric vehicle, the Ocean SUV, at the 2021 LA Auto Show. It’s largely similar to the first prototype that debuted at the 2020 Consumer Electronics Show, though there are a few new standout features — including a 17.1-inch touchscreen that rotates from portrait to landscape orientation.
“When you use your phone and type on it, you hold it like this, and when you take a picture or if you want to watch a movie, you turn the phone around,” Fisker Inc. founder and CEO Henrik Fisker said while miming a phone during a livestream of Wednesday’s event. “In our vehicle we have a screen, on a push of a button, it changes from portrait mode to landscape mode. It just rotates. That is a really cool feature.”
Fisker didn’t elaborate any further on why a rotating touchscreen the size of a small TV may be useful. But buyers who want it will have to pony up $68,999, because it’s only available on the top trim — the aggressively named Fisker Ocean Extreme — or the limited-edition launch version of the SUV (which is more or less the same as the top trim). The screen defaults to portrait orientation; the 17.1-inch screen in the lower trims doesn’t rotate.
“That is a really cool feature.”
Also locked to the top trim of the Ocean is the solar roof — a feature that was touted in the original prototype. Fisker Inc. says the panels will be able to capture enough energy from the sun to power up to 1,500 miles of driving per year. (Fine print on the company’s website says this assumes that the system is operating at 5.4kWh per square meter.) Ocean Extreme buyers get a better sound system, front and rear heated seats, and a few other exclusive features.





 Grid View














































































The middle trim, the Ocean Ultra, will cost $49,999, while the base Ocean Sport runs $37,499. Fisker says it will offer an all-inclusive flexible lease option for the Ocean Sport that costs $379 per month (with a $2,999 “initiation and activation fee”) and has a 30,000-mile annual driving limit. All three trims will come with the advanced driver assistance system Fisker Inc. is developing.
Performance-wise, Fisker Inc. claims the Ocean Sport will get around 250 miles of range. The company is working with Chinese battery supplier CATL to put lithium iron phosphate batteries in the Sport — similar to what Tesla is starting to do with its shorter-range cars. The Ocean Sport takes the power from that battery pack and sends it to just a single motor at the front of the car with 275 horsepower at its peak. Still, Fisker Inc. claims it will go from 0 to 60 miles per hour in 6.9 seconds.
The Ocean Ultra and Ocean Extreme both use a pack built with lithium-manganese-cobalt-oxide batteries that can stretch the range to 340 miles and 350 miles, respectively, Fisker Inc. claims. That’s despite those two trims being outfitted with an all-wheel drive setup that uses two electric motors. The dual-motor setup on the Ocean Ultra will generate up to 540 horsepower and can hit 60 miles per hour in 3.9 seconds, while the Ocean Extreme’s touches 550HP and clears 60 miles per hour in 3.6 seconds. Both versions offer torque vectoring, too.
There will be three versions of the Ocean SUV
“This is the most advanced powertrain I think in the world right now,” Fisker said onstage Wednesday. “I’ve actually driven this on a track — an early prototype — and you can drive about 10 miles [per hour] faster than you even think is possible ... you will actually experience that you feel like a Formula One driver when you drive this vehicle.”
Fisker Inc. says all three versions of the Ocean will be able to charge other electric cars or an owner’s home, part of the startup’s larger mission of promoting clean energy. That larger mission includes using recycled materials in the Ocean’s interior, relying on hydro power at the plant where the SUV will be built and the solar panels on the top trim. 
The final version of the Ocean revealed Wednesday is what will get built late next year by Austrian automotive supplier Magna, as Fisker Inc. is taking an extraordinarily asset-light approach to being an automaker. Instead of owning and operating its own factory, Fisker Inc. will lean on Magna and, for other future models, Foxconn. 
That asset-light approach arguably helped Fisker Inc. survive long enough to bask in the SPAC-merger boom, which helped it raise more than $1 billion. The startup was close to running out of cash in early 2020 according to a lawsuit from its former marketing VP, and it had wound up in that position after pivoting away from solid state batteries and a fancy, expensive sports car.

Kia revealed the EV9 SUV, an extra-large concept EV with Soul-like angularity and an estimated range of up to 300 miles. Like the previously unveiled EV6, the EV9 will be built on Hyundai’s new Electric-Global Modular Platform (E-GMP) that the automaker says will serve as the basis for an entire family of planned EVs. The concept made its debut at the 2021 Los Angeles Auto Show. 
The EV9 may have the angles of a Soul, but it has the body of a Telluride. The concept SUV measures 194 inches in length, 81 inches in width, 70 inches in height, and has a wheelbase of 122 inches. That’s taller, longer, and wider than the Kia Telluride and certainly would fall into the category of “dangerously huge SUVs” if it ever gets made. 
The EV9 may have the angles of a Soul, but it has the body of a Telluride
With the automaker calling this the “clearest signal yet” as to what is coming from Kia’s future lineup of EVs, it’s a good bet that some version of the EV9 makes it into production. 










E-GMP is Hyundai’s scalable electric architecture that underpins the upcoming Ioniq 5, Kia EV6, and Genesis GV60, as well as the recently unveiled (and equally ginormous) Hyundai Seven concept. Unlike the EV6’s refreshingly modest footprint, the EV9 seems primed to win over Telluride and Cadillac Escalade customers with its aggressive dimensions and copious interior space. 
That means it’ll also have the same 800-volt architecture as those other EVs, allowing it to accept DC fast charging at speeds up to 350 kilowatts. Like the Hyundai Seven, Kia says the EV9’s battery can charge from 10–80 percent in 20 to 30 minutes. 
The Kia EV9 sports a reinterpretation of the automaker’s nose grille, which it calls its “iconic Tiger Face facade.” Cars without dirty internal combustion engines don’t necessarily need a grille. But automakers are having a difficult time transitioning away from criteria built around the function and needs of an ICE and toward one without those same requirements. 










Kia is going in the Tesla direction by getting rid of the traditional grille and opting for “a full body colored front that clearly conveys sustainability values.” In other words, it’s a virtue-signaling snout. 
Despite its boxy shape, Kia said it was “inspired by water.” That wasn’t a reference to the shape, though, but rather the exterior and interior color pallet. Kia describes the exterior paint as mimicking the “expansive depth of the ocean,” while the interior color choices are as “clear blue” as the sky. 
Despite its boxy shape, Kia said it was “inspired by water”
The interior is dominated by a 27-inch central touchscreen, which is about as wide as it gets in SUVs today. And the steering wheel, while not a full yoke like the Tesla Model S Plaid, is definitely more yoke-ish than a wheel. Kia calls it a “pop-up steering pad,” but it’s unclear from the renderings what purpose the shape serves. 
Kia won’t confirm whether the EV9 will make it into production, but it seems highly likely, given the South Korean automaker’s commitment to release seven dedicated battery electrics by the end of 2027 and to sell half a million battery cars annually by 2026. 































A new iOS update is starting to hit phones — no, not the seemingly feature-packed iOS 15.2, but iOS 15.1.1, which Apple says will solve an issue with calls dropping. According to the update note, the new version of iOS “improves call drop performance on iPhone 12 and iPhone 13 models.”
While we haven’t seen large amounts of users complaining about their new-model iPhones dropping more calls than normal, it’s nice to see that Apple is paying attention to how its phones perform as, well, phones. 
15.1.1 is worth updating to if you’ve been having issues with calls dropping
You can update to iOS 15.1.1 by going to Settings > General > Software Update. If you find updating to be a pain and haven’t been experiencing any call issues, though, it may be best to just wait for iOS 15.2 — the beta has been absolutely packed with features, including improvements to the iPhone 13 Pro’s macro mode, the addition of the App Privacy Report, the ability to manually scan for suspicious AirTags, and more. That update seems to be coming soon, so waiting to go through the update process would be understandable, especially given that Apple’s not reporting any major security patches in 15.1.1.

In order to use the EKG feature on the newly available Withings ScanWatch, people have to first get the tool unlocked through a prescription from a healthcare provider — a first for EKG-enabled smartwatches on the market. Other smartwatches like the Apple Watch let people start using the feature right out of the box. 
The requirement was part of Withings’ Food and Drug Administration authorization, which says that the device can track heart rhythms and detect atrial fibrillation “when the monitor is prescribed or used under the care of a physician.” The extra step of obtaining a prescription came out of the company’s initial conversations with the agency, Shikha Anand, Withings’ chief medical officer, told The Verge. 
“We don’t imagine that will be true for in perpetuity or even for very long,” she says. “This is really around sort of satisfying our needs” of the initial launch. 
Withings has partnered with the telehealth platform Heartbeat Health to give out those prescriptions. When someone takes their first EKG reading with the ScanWatch, Withings’ app batches the recording off to Heartbeat, which matches the user with a cardiologist in their state. The cardiologist then reviews the reading and can unlock the full EKG tool. 
 









The ScanWatch requires a healthcare provider review before the EKG feature is turned on.
Photo: Victoria Song



The providers at Heartbeat Health review the EKG and give the users information on what it showed — like whether it was normal or if it showed any signs of atrial fibrillation. In some cases, if the reading was unclear (like if someone was moving around too much), they might ask the user to take another EKG, Anand says. 
But there aren’t really any situations where the Heartbeat Health provider wouldn’t give a user a prescription and unlock full access to the EKG. The only restriction is around age, says Jana Goldberg, the Medical Director at Heartbeat Health — the feature is only available to people over 22. 
Otherwise, the review is more to make sure that the recording looks like an EKG recording should, not necessarily to make any sort of medical determination about the user, Anand says. She told The Verge that the external review reflected the company’s focus on quality and scientific credibility. 
“We really wanted that added layer of quality control,” she says. “And that added layer of quality control comes with a person — that is still the gold standard.” 
Still, the company has already filed with the FDA to get clearance for a version of the device that wouldn’t need users to get that that third-party review, Anand told The Verge.
Withings hopes to build out a more comprehensive relationship with Heartbeat Health that could let users talk to providers about their heart health, Anand says. Heartbeat Health also sees the relationship as a step towards their expansion into working with wearable device makers, Goldberg says: “This is probably the first step in terms of the clinical-consumer device partnerships.” 


If you’re looking to buy a 2022 Chevrolet (or nearly any GM vehicle) this winter, you might want to invest in a warmer pair of sweatpants: the company has announced that due to the ongoing chip shortage, it’ll no longer be able to offer heated or ventilated seats on virtually all its upcoming SUVs and pickups, as first reported by Automotive News.
“By taking these measures, it will enable continued production and delivery of inventory to help respond to the strong customer and dealer demand for all our products as the industry continues to rebound and strengthen,” a letter to dealers from GM obtained by Automotive News reads. 
The change went into effect earlier this week on November 15th and affects a wide range of Chevy and GMC vehicles. As one Chevy dealer explained on TikTok, virtually all 2022 SUVs and trucks — barring a few high-end trims — won’t be getting heated seats anymore. Seat warmers aren’t the only feature to be impacted, either: heated steering wheels are set to get the axe on November 22nd on most models, too. 
No heated seats or steering wheels on most models
According to Roadshow, GM says that the change is intended to be “temporary” as it tries to wrangle more chips but is expected to impact the entire 2022 model year. Buyers will instead get credit towards their new car of $150 to $500 to make up for the missing feature.
The lack of heated seats is one of the more tangible impacts of the chip shortage on cars yet and speaks to just how important chips are to modern cars — even for features like seat warmers, which you wouldn’t necessarily be particularly reliant on semiconductor technology. It’s the latest in a series of issues with chips for automakers, which have also seen some BWM models recently remove touchscreens and some Teslas lose USB ports. 
It’s not all bad news, though: in the same announcement to dealers, GM also noted that thanks to better supplies of chips, it was able to bring back digital temperature displays, side blind spot alerts, and its Super Cruise driver-assist technology — three features that it was forced to remove earlier in the year due to supply shortages. 


Google quietly rolled out a Pixel 6 update that addresses fingerprint scanner issues, as first reported by XDA Developers. The update details have been confirmed in a post on a Google Support page, which vaguely notes that it includes “minor bug fixes and some fingerprint sensor performance improvements for Pixel 6 and 6 Pro,” without really giving us any details about how the sensor was improved.
Dan Siefert called out the fingerprint reader in our reviews of the Pixel 6 and Pixel 6 Pro last month, noting that it’s often finicky to use or slow to recognize your print. Google responded by saying that the scanner’s “enhanced security algorithms” may result in sluggish or unreliable performance. Google never really indicated whether the scanner’s performance had something to do with issues in the device’s software or hardware, and its initial response implied that the scanner was supposed to be slow for its security features to work properly.

But now that Google has rolled out an update, the issue might be software-related after all. To see if the update actually made a difference, I asked some of my colleagues at The Verge about their experiences with the fingerprint scanner after downloading the Pixel 6 update. Here are our findings:

I haven’t noticed a difference in the scanning, but it seems like it’s making me use my fingerprint less to unlock the phone. —Richard Lawler
I think the fingerprint reader does work better — I never had trouble with the left thumb, but the right thumb always took two or three tries, and now it seems to work pretty quickly. —Barbara Krasnoff
It’s certainly not so much faster (or more accurate?). But even best case, it’s still slower than an S20. —Dieter Bohn

Overall, the results of the Pixel 6 update are a mixed bag. It seems like it offers some improvement, but it still doesn’t put it on par with fingerprint scanners from other companies. Reactions from users on Reddit offer the same kind of varied results; while some say the update fixed the problem, others say the difference is there, but only slightly. It’s unclear whether the update to the fingerprint scanner will be the last of its kind or if Google has another one planned in the future. Then again, the issue may be related to the fact that Google decided to use an under-the-screen optical scanner instead of an ultrasonic one — and in that case, Pixel 6 owners may be stuck with the issue. For now, the sensor seems to be just good enough.
Google says that the update — which consists of two software builds: one for Verizon-specific devices (SD1A.210817.037.A1) and one for international models (SD1A.210817.037)  — has started rolling out today and will “continue over the next week.” 
It’s also worth noting that while the update is just 14.56MB, Google says it takes about 25 to 30 minutes to download and install depending on the number of apps you have, which my colleagues can also attest to. The update will be available to you in November if your device is on any of the major wireless carriers in the US or Japan, including AT&T, Verizon, T-Mobile, and Google Fi. You can view the full list of carriers on Google’s website. If your carrier isn’t listed, the update will be pushed to your device in December.

Instagram head Adam Mosseri said Wednesday that the company has added two new features to improve user experience, including a “rage shake” that will let users report a problem more quickly. If you’re using the app and it isn’t working as it’s supposed to, shake the phone while the app is open, and a pop-up screen will ask, “Did something go wrong?” with space for you to report the issue. 
This feature will give Instagram feedback that will help it prioritize bug fixes, Mosseri said. “You can explain exactly what happened, how you ended up in that place, and all of the emotions and feels that you’ve got going on, and we’ll have someone take a look at it,” he said.


Covering ✌️ this week: - Carousel Deletion (finally!)- Rage ShakeDid you know about these  s? Any other features you’d like me to cover? Let me know   pic.twitter.com/Yx0q4UGFfb— Adam Mosseri   (@mosseri) November 17, 2021



The other new feature Instagram shipped Wednesday is what Mosseri called a “finally” feature: the ability to delete a single image from a photo carousel. It’s something users have been asking for, he added, and the company finally got around to shipping it. 










Users can now remove a single photo or video from a multi-feed Instagram post
Instagram


“You can now go and pick one that you don’t like — maybe you’re not that into it anymore,” he explained in a video posted to Twitter. When you have a photo carousel open in the app, go to the three dots menu at the top right, hit edit, swipe to the photo you want to get rid of, and you’ll see a delete icon in the top left that will let you remove it from the carousel.
The carousel feature is iOS only for now, but all US Instagram users can rage shake right away, regardless of platform. 




Discord has been quietly building its own app platform based on bots over the past few years. More than 30 percent of Discord servers now use bots, and 430,000 of them are used every week across Discord by its 150 million monthly active users. Now that bots are an important part of Discord, the company is embracing them even further with the ability to search and browse for bots on Discord.
A new app discovery feature will start showing up in Discord in spring 2022. Verified apps and bots (which total around 12,000 right now) will be discoverable through this feature. Developers will be able to opt into discoverability, once they’re fully prepared for a new influx of users that can easily find their bots.
Bots are powerful on Discord, offering a range of customizations for servers. Discord server owners install bots on servers to help moderate them or offer mini-games or features to their communities. There are popular bots that will spit out memes on a daily basis, bots that help you even create your own bot, or music bots that let Discord users listen to tunes together.










Discord bots can be used to provide information and lots more.
Image: Autocode


Two of the most popular music bots, Rythm and Groovy, were forced offline recently by Google, due to their use of YouTube to play music in Discord servers. It’s an incident that shook the Discord bot community and confirmed that Discord bots are getting popular enough for a huge multinational company like Google to take notice.
Discord has been gradually improving its official API for developers, including Slash Commands to make it easier to learn how to use a bot. Buttons, dropdown lists, and the ability to integrate bots into menus in a Discord server have also been added recently.
The new app discovery will certainly help Discord users find bots more easily, instead of relying on third-party websites or simply finding bots using a search engine. Discord is also making it a little easier to add bots to servers by adding an “Add to Server” button on the profile of bots.

Hyundai revealed a new electric vehicle concept at the 2021 Los Angeles Auto Show, showing how its scalable EV platform can be stretched to accommodate extra-large SUVs. The Hyundai Seven is built on the automaker’s Electric-Global Modular Platform (E-GMP), which also underpins the upcoming Ioniq 5, Kia EV6, and Genesis GV60. 
Unlike those vehicles, though, the Hyundai Seven is just a concept and isn’t guaranteed to go into production. That said, given how popular SUVs are with the car-buying public, it seems likely that the Seven will eventually reach dealerships in some form or the other. (Hyundai’s 45 concept eventually became the Ioniq 5.) 
a range of “over 300 miles”
Using chargers with 350kW capacity, the Hyundai Seven is capable of charging from 10 percent to 80 percent in about 20 minutes. The automaker is also targeting a range of “over 300 miles.”





 Grid View























































































The Seven is one of the biggest concepts we’ve seen from the South Korean automaker, with a wheelbase that stretches 10.5 feet, which is longer than the Cadillac Escalade. The extra-tall grille also puts this concept firmly in the “dangerously large” camp of vehicles that includes the Escalade and other oversized SUVs and trucks. (Read this for more information about why front blindspots are a growing problem for the auto industry.)
With coach-style doors, adjustable seating, and retractable controls, the Hyundai Seven is also a vision of what the automaker’s autonomous vehicles may look like in the future. A bench seat sweeps around from the rear to the side, while individual captain’s seats are able to pivot and slide around. The driver’s seat features a retractable control stick that hides away when not in use. 
Automakers love concept cars that tease a future in which people ride around in autonomous vehicles that look like luxurious living spaces. Other car companies, such as BMW, Volvo, and Audi, have projected similar ideas onto their concepts, with interiors transformed into “third places” in which we work, eat, sleep, and socialize.
autonomous vehicles that look like luxurious living spaces
Hyundai is also putting emphasis on hygiene, with the understanding that in our post-pandemic world, people may want features that can help keep their vehicles sanitized. The interior surfaces are comprised of renewable and recycled materials like bamboo, as well copper and hygienically treated fabric. 
Hyundai took inspiration from airplane cabins in designing an HVAC system that has both a horizontal and vertical mode to control airflow. And when everyone has left the vehicle, the Seven’s built-in UVC lights sterilize everything. 
Unlike previous concepts, like the excessively rad Heritage Series Grandeur restomod EV, the Seven’s roots lie firmly in the future. How much of these design elements make it through to an actual production car will say a lot about Hyundai’s commitment to going big. 


Wednesday morning, Apple announced that the company will soon make parts and repair manuals available to the general public, reversing years of restrictive repair policies. The new policy represents a seismic shift for a company that has fought independent repair for years by restricting access to parts, manuals, and diagnostic tools, designing products that are difficult to fix, and lobbying against laws that would enshrine the right to repair.
But Apple didn’t change its policy out of the goodness of its heart. The announcement follows months of growing pressure from repair activists and regulators — and its timing seems deliberate, considering a shareholder resolution environmental advocates filed with the company in September asking Apple to re-evaluate its stance on independent repair. Wednesday is a key deadline in the fight over the resolution, with advocates poised to bring the issue to the Securities and Exchange Commission to resolve.
Apple spokesperson Nick Leahy told The Verge that the program “has been in development for well over a year,” describing it as “the next step in increasing customer access to Apple genuine parts, tools, and manuals.” Leahy declined to say whether the timing of the announcement was influenced by shareholder pressure.
“The timing is definitely no coincidence”
Activist shareholders believe that it was. “The timing is definitely no coincidence,” says Annalisa Tarizzo, an advocate with Green Century, the mutual fund company that filed the right-to-repair resolution with Apple in September. As a result of today’s announcement, Green Century is withdrawing its resolution, which asked Apple to “reverse its anti repair practices” and evaluate the benefits of making parts and tools more available to consumers.
That’s exactly what Apple seems to be doing with its new Self Service Repair program. Announced this morning, the program will allow members of the general public to order genuine Apple parts in order to make basic iPhone repairs at home — something Apple has long argued is too dangerous for individuals to do. According to Apple, Self Service Repair will initially focus on the display, battery, and camera for iPhone 12 and 13 models. Individuals interested in doing screen repairs or battery replacements for those models at home will be able to place an order for genuine Apple parts through a new Apple Self Service Repair Online Store, send in their old part for recycling, and receive a new one.
The announcement effectively fulfills Green Century’s request that Apple make significant changes to its repair policies
Apple’s announcement of the program is light on details, including whether the program will be expanded beyond iPhone 12 and 13 as well as Mac computers using M1 chips, how much genuine parts will cost customers, and whether it will eventually make parts available for a wider range of repairs. Although the announcement implies it will, Leahy declined to confirm that the program will eventually be expanded to other iPhone models. Still, the announcement effectively fulfills Green Century’s request that Apple make significant changes to its repair policies to facilitate independent repair — assuming the tech giant follows through with it. 
Apple’s initial response to the Green Century resolution was less than conciliatory. Tarizzo says that on October 18 (30 days before the self service announcement), Apple submitted a “no action request” to the Securities and Exchange Commission asking the investor oversight body to block the proposal. According to Tarizzo, Apple’s argument before the SEC was that the proposal — that the company “prepare a report” on the environmental and social benefits of making its devices easier to fix — ran afoul of shareholder proposal guidance by infringing on Apple’s normal business operations. 
However, earlier this month, the SEC issued new guidance concerning no-action requests that includes a carve-out for proposals that raise “significant social policy issues.” In other words, shareholders can bring resolutions that affect a company’s day-to-day business operations if those proposals raise issues with significant societal impact. Tarizzo believes that this change made it much more likely the SEC would side with Green Century rather than Apple, particularly since the mutual fund company connected the dots between increased access to repair and the fight against climate change. (Using devices as long as possible through maintenance and repair is one of the best ways to reduce the climate impact of consumer technology since the majority of the emissions associated with our gadgets occur during the manufacturing stage.)
“It wasn’t a guarantee that the SEC would side with us, but the new guidance indicates it’s very likely we would prevail,” Tarizzo says. “It effectively took away a lot of Apple’s leverage in the process.”
Now, Apple seems to have regained some leverage by announcing its new Self Service Repair program on the same day that Green Century was required to respond to the no-action request. Instead of arguing that the SEC should allow the shareholder resolution to move forward, Green Century is now withdrawing the resolution entirely. 
Some of Apple’s biggest competitors have already embraced right-to-repair policies
Companies routinely ignore shareholder resolutions, and many had assumed Apple would respond to Green Century’s resolution the same way — but it came at a time of unique momentum for the right-to-repair cause. This year, a record 27 states have considered right to repair bills, and the first national right to repair bill was introduced to Congress in June. None have passed into law, but they’ve sent an alarming message to companies like Apple that restrictive repair practices may not be legal for much longer.
That’s also resulted in pressure from the federal government. In May, the Federal Trade Commission came out strongly in favor of independent repair with the release of a report finding “scant evidence” to justify restrictions imposed by companies like Apple. In July, President Biden himself signed an executive order encouraging the FTC to craft new regulations that would limit the ability of cell phone makers to restrict DIY repair. Those rules are a long way from coming into effect, but the specter of looming regulations was certainly a factor in Apple’s decision.
Some of Apple’s biggest competitors have already embraced right-to-repair policies, adding even more pressure on the company. Last month, Microsoft agreed to comply with a first-of-its-kind right-to-repair resolution brought by environmental nonprofit As You Sow in June. The resolution asked Microsoft to study the environmental and social benefits of increasing access to repair; Microsoft not only agreed to conduct such a study but to act on the findings by the end of 2022. Microsoft’s concession to activist shareholders came on the heels of Green Century filing a similar shareholder resolution with Apple, a move activists speculated could pressure on the iPhone maker to respond in kind.
The company’s about-face on independent repair is “really the product of the combined pressure of all sides of the right-to-repair movement”
The result is a huge victory for Green Century and a validation for shareholder activism more broadly. Tarizzo says that while Apple’s new program “doesn’t go all the way where we want the company to go, we think it’s a significant enough step that it warrants a withdrawal. The fact they’ll be selling common replacement parts, tools, releasing repair manuals, it’s all very much in the spirit of what we were hoping to see happen.”
While Tarizzo feels that the timing of Apple’s announcement is directly related to Green Century’s shareholder resolution, she believes the company’s about-face on independent repair is “really the product of the combined pressure of all sides of the right-to-repair movement” from federal action to statehouse bills to grassroots advocacy. 
Nathan Proctor, the senior right to repair campaign director at the US Public Research Interest Group, agrees.
“If I was to hazard a guess, it would be the whole compilation of the campaign has successfully changed Apple’s position,” Proctor tells The Verge. “I don’t think you can point to any one particular thing that was done that made it happen. It all made it happen.”

Robinhood has revealed that “several thousand entries” in a list obtained by hackers included phone numbers, indicating that a November 3rd security breach compromised more information than the company originally reported. More precisely, the list contains around 4,400 phone numbers according to Motherboard, which reportedly obtained the list from a “proxy for the hackers.” 
Earlier this month, Robinhood reported that an employee falling victim to a social engineering attack led to hackers obtaining 5 million customers’ emails, and 2 million customers’ names. Additionally, around 300 customers had more details like zip codes and dates of birth stolen, while 10 customers had “more extensive account details revealed.” Phone numbers weren’t mentioned in the company’s original post. 
Robinhood reiterated that it doesn’t think SSNs or bank account numbers were stolen
Robinhood told Motherboard that it still believes information like Social Security, bank account, and debit card numbers weren’t compromised, but that it’s also analyzing “other text entries” in one of the lists the hackers obtained. The company also posted this information in an update to its original blog post about the incident and said that it would “continue making appropriate disclosures to affected people.”
This isn’t the first bit of new information to come out since the company originally revealed that it had been hacked. Screenshots reportedly showing the tools and extra information hackers had access to for around 10 accounts were also posted by Motherboard last week, after the publication says they were provided by a source connected to the hackers.
As Motherboard points out, access to Robinhood users’ phone numbers could make the users vulnerable to SIM swapping, or targeted phishing attacks from the hackers or anyone to whom they sold the numbers. It’s also concerning that Robinhood hadn’t released this information until more than a week after it first disclosed the attack. While it’s possible the company wasn’t aware the phone numbers had been taken, that’s not a particularly reassuring explanation. 

Update November 17th, 1:00PM ET: Verizon’s waves of PlayStation 5 consoles on its site have ended for today, as it now only shows out of stock. We’ll be sure to keep you up to date when we hear about the next restocks from Verizon and all the usual retailers.
If you’re shopping for Sony’s next-gen console, it may feel like a PlayStation 5 is one of the scarcest materials on the planet. The PS5 launched more than a year ago, yet it remains difficult to get a hold of one. Things have gotten a bit easier recently, with more frequent restocks from retailers and directly through Sony, but the struggle is real.
But right now, Verizon customers can pick up the standard, disc-based PS5 for $500 directly from the carrier. The console listing is already up and the carrier is seemingly releasing stock in waves, so you have to get in there as soon as possible and see if luck is on your side today. Remember to log in to your Verizon cellular account while you wait and be sure your billing and shipping info is current, which will reduce the time it takes to check out and minimize the room for error.
If you don’t manage to nab a console today, fear not, we will continue serving you with details when more restocks happen. We are also happy to save you money on everyday purchases, so feel free to subscribe to our newsletter.


    Related
  
PlayStation 5 review: a big, confident step into next gen


















PlayStation 5




                $500
              





Sony’s flagship next-gen console, which includes a disc drive, allows you to play both digital and physical games for the PS4 and PS5. 







              $500
              

at Best Buy
            





Accessories to go along with your console

















Midnight black DualSense controller




                $69
              





The midnight black DualSense controller sports the same hardware as the original — haptic feedback, adaptive triggers, etc. — only with a two-tone design reminiscent of PS2, PS3, and PS4 consoles.







              $69
              

at Walmart
            






















Sony Pulse 3D headset




                $99
              





Sony’s Pulse 3D wireless gaming headset is worth the roughly $100 price tag if you want a wireless model that can let the audio in some PS5-exclusive games shine. It sounds fantastic with titles like Spider-Man: Miles Morales and Demon’s Souls, as well as more recent hits like Ratchet & Clank: Rift Apart. Like the console, this headset has been a little tough to find, but it’s coming back in stock more frequently these days. Sony also released a midnight black version of the headset for $100.







              $99
              

at Walmart
            





              $100
              

at Best Buy
            






















Deathloop




                $60
              





The latest release from Arcane Studios — the team behind Prey and Dishonored — is a masterpiece in many ways, an open-ended mystery that’s thrilling, action-packed, and just the right amount of weird.







              $60
              

at Gamestop
            





              $60
              

at Amazon
            






















PlayStation Plus (annual subscription)




                $38
              

                $60
              

                  37% off
                





A membership to PlayStation Plus allows PlayStation 4 and PS5 owners to play games online, download free titles every month, and take advantage of discounts on the PS Store.







              $38
              

at Eneba
            





              $60
              

at Walmart
            












        Sign up for the
        
          newsletter
        
      
      Verge Deals
    
Subscribe to get the best Verge-approved tech deals of the week.






Just one more thing!
Please confirm your subscription to Verge Deals via the verification email we just sent you.




Email (required)






        By signing up, you agree to our Privacy Notice and European users agree to the data transfer policy.
        
      
Subscribe






Activision Blizzard shareholders issued a letter calling for the resignation of CEO Bobby Kotick and two long-serving members of the board of directors a day after the Wall Street Journal reported Kotick not only knew about numerous cases of sexual harassment at the company but worked to cover them up.
“As new reporting indicates, and in contrast to past company statements, CEO Bobby Kotick was aware of many incidents of sexual harassment, sexual assault, and gender discrimination at Activision Blizzard,” wrote the SOC Investment Group, which works on behalf of union pension funds invested in Activision Blizzard and other companies. “We, therefore, call on Mr. Kotick to resign as CEO of the company.” 
The letter also calls for the retirement of Brian Kelly and Robert Morgado, two of the senior-most board members serving since the ’90s, in order to ensure the board of directors is capable of leading a top-down effort to reform the company. While the SOC represents a minuscule portion of Activision Blizzard’s total shares, the group said if its demands were not addressed, it would not support the re-election of current board members and would work to ensure other shareholders followed suit.
“Our company faces an unprecedented workplace crisis of its own making,” writes the SOC
In the aftermath of the report, Activision Blizzard employees staged a walkout — their second in four months — in protest of Kotick’s alleged participation in and enabling of the kinds of sexual harassment and discrimination that saw the company sued by the EEOC, the California Department of Fair Employment and Housing, and its own employees, all in 2021. After the news of the lawsuits broke in July, Kotick repeatedly expressed commitments to change, saying the company would implement a “zero tolerance” policy, and he would reduce his salary to the lowest allowed by California law. 
In addition to the WSJ story, IGN reported on former Blizzard executive Jen Oneal’s sudden resignation, stating that despite being co-president with Mike Ybarra, she was paid less than him and was only offered equal compensation after tendering her resignation. This news comes after numerous statements from Kotick stating the company was committed to pay transparency for its female employees.
In the letter sent to Activision Blizzard’s board of directors, the SOC writes, “Our company faces an unprecedented workplace crisis of its own making.” The letter also criticizes the board for being “almost entirely silent.”
Hours after the WSJ report, Activision Blizzard’s board of directors issued a statement supporting Kotick, further angering employees and fans. 


As hundreds of thousands of households worldwide tapped into Netflix’s Squid Game last month, viewers may have taken something fairly extraordinary for granted. Netflix didn’t buckle under the unprecedented demand for the dystopian drama that would become its most successful title to date — even as other services have struggled to keep their products sturdy under less demanding circumstances.
When many of us fire up our favorite streaming services, we often bump into various fury-making problems: stuff freezes, controls don’t work, or the service crashes entirely. None of these are ideal, but all seem to have become a widely understood cost of cord-cutting. For example, Disney Plus crashed its very first day because its software couldn’t handle the demand (and then it buckled again under demand for WandaVision). HBO Max is so fundamentally broken that its own leadership has admitted that the app is a mess. Even Instagram, whose Stories feature makes it a kind of streaming service in its own right, crashes so frequently it’s started alerting its users when it’s borked. Streaming can be maddening!
A service’s guts, the engineering behind the app itself, are the foundation of any streamer’s success, and Netflix has spent the last 10 years building out an expansive server network called Open Connect in order to avoid many modern streaming headaches. It’s the thing that’s allowed Netflix to serve up a far more reliable experience than its competitors and not falter when some 111 million users tuned in to Squid Game during its earliest weeks on the service.
“Anyone who wants to improve performance is going to try to put a server as close to the end user as possible.”
“One of the reasons why Netflix is the leader in this market and has the number of subs they do [...] is something that pretty much everybody outside of the technical part of this industry underestimates, and that is Open Connect,” Dan Rayburn, a media streaming expert and principal analyst with Frost & Sullivan, tells The Verge. “How many times has Netflix had a problem with their streaming service over the last 10 years?”
Certainly not as many as HBO Max, that’s for sure.
Open Connect was created because Netflix “knew that we needed to build some level of infrastructure technology that would sustain the anticipated traffic that we knew success would look like,” Gina Haspilaire, Netflix’s vice president of Open Connect, tells me. “We felt we were going to be successful, and we knew that the internet at the time was not built to sustain the level of traffic that would be required globally.”
Nobody wants to sit down to watch a movie only to have their app crash or buffer for an eternity. What Netflix had the foresight to understand was that if it was going to maintain a certain level of quality, it would have to build a distribution system itself.
Popping the hood on Open Connect
Open Connect is Netflix’s in-house content distribution network specifically built to deliver its TV shows and movies. Started in 2012, the program involves Netflix giving internet service providers physical appliances that allow them to localize traffic. These appliances store copies of Netflix content to create less strain on networks by eliminating the number of channels that content has to pass through to reach the user trying to play it.
Most major streaming services rely on third-party content delivery networks (CDNs) to pass along their videos, which is why Netflix’s server network is so unique. Without a system like Open Connect or a third-party CDN in place, a request for content by an ISP has to “go through a peering point and maybe transit four or five other networks until it gets to the origin, or the place that holds the content,” Will Law, chief architect of media engineering at Akamai, a major content delivery network, tells The Verge. Not only does that slow down delivery, but it’s expensive since ISPs may have to pay to access that content.
To avoid the traffic and fees, Netflix ships copies of its content to its own servers ahead of time. That also helps to prevent Netflix traffic from choking network demand during peak hours of streaming. 
“We, Open Connect, bring a copy of Bridgerton at the closest point to your internet service provider — in some cases, right inside your internet service provider’s network — and that basically avoids the burden of the internet service provider having to go get it and transfer it through all these servers on the internet over to you,” Haspilaire tells The Verge.
 









Chart by Kristen Radtke / The Verge



And they’re everywhere. At present, Netflix says it has 17,000 servers spread across 158 countries, and the company tells me it plans to continue expanding its content delivery network. Netflix prioritizes where it places these servers based on where it has the most members and relationships with ISPs, the company says.
“Anyone who wants to improve performance is going to try to put a server as close to the end user as possible,” Law explains. “And in putting it there and by serving the content from that last mile network, it stops the traffic having to transit all the rest of the internet and go back to an origin. So it’s taking a load off the internet, and it’s taking a load off the peering points.”
When Open Connect originally launched a decade ago, the service started working collaboratively with ISPs on deployment. Netflix provides ISPs with the servers for free, and Netflix has an internal reliability team that works with ISP resources to maintain the servers. The benefit to ISPs, according to both Netflix and Akamai, is fewer costs to ISPs by alleviating the need for them to have to fetch copies of content themselves. 
“It’s not a huge burden, but it’s certainly a relief,” Law tells me. “It’s the same principle that Akamai is founded on and the same principle that every CDN works on. Netflix’s CDN is no different to other CDNs — except their CDN is dedicated to Netflix content.”
While most major third-party CDNs do multiple jobs and manage multiple requests from many companies — Akamai, for example, says it has thousands of customers — Netflix’s internal CDN does exactly one job: it distributes Netflix content. If a content distributor doesn’t have this kind of CDN partnership or server network in place, Law says, there’s a whole lot of stuff that needs to happen along the way for you to stream a movie or TV show. 
“The reason that Netflix had to build a CDN is because America’s ISPs are garbage.”
While Netflix doesn’t disclose how much it costs the company to build and maintain these servers, Netflix says it’s invested roughly $1 billion in Open Connect since its creation a decade ago. It’s dumping mountains of money into the CDN because a premium and user-engaged streaming experience is core to Netflix’s entire business strategy. Its whole subscription model, for example, is based in part around what quality of video streaming a user wants for their content.
Netflix also has to account for America’s internet infrastructure being fundamentally fractured and broken. 
“The reason that Netflix had to build a CDN is because America’s ISPs are garbage,” Electronic Frontier Foundation’s Katharine Trendacosta tells The Verge. “And what they knew was that their customers don’t want an endlessly buffering screen or degraded quality.”
Now, not every ISP allows Netflix’s hardware in. The Verge spoke with an AT&T executive who confirmed that it still sells Netflix optimal network connections to the streamer rather than having Netflix install physical devices in its data centers. (After publication, Netflix told The Verge it “does not purchase interconnection from AT&T, and the terms of the deal referenced [in the link above] with regards to our video content delivery is no longer applicable.”)
When asked about how this arrangement and others work alongside its Open Connect program, Netflix said that it views “our relationships with ISPs globally as adaptable.” A company spokesperson said the arrangement may differ based on what an ISP’s network supports, and Netflix will find other connection points to bring its titles closer to the viewer instead.
Why it works
The thing that Netflix is most concerned with is delivering a good viewing experience regardless of how bad your ISP is. 
To do that, Netflix effectively ships three copies of each of its titles to its servers, each with a different level of quality. If your ISP is overwhelmed or your internet momentarily kicks out, the system can swap in a lower-bitrate version of the title, helping you maintain the stream without interruption.
“We will adapt the content to the quality of the network and not vice versa,” Haspilaire says. “That’s the reason why you don’t see when your network has a blip — your streaming stays constant. Because over time, we’re able to adjust the version … so when your internet goes in and out, you won’t get buffering from us.”
So, why three copies? As Trendacosta noted, the internet as we experience it is entirely unreliable. Outages, poor wifi connections, and any other network interruptions might impact your ability to access the internet the way you need to. Netflix can work around many of these network problems through its collaboration with ISPs. 
“Nobody is going to disagree or argue with Netflix that they’ve built a system that works at scale.”
Haspilaire says Netflix pre-places this content during off-peak hours so it’s not competing with other internet traffic that would occur during high-use streaming times. As far as what content it places and where, Netflix says it anticipates what’s going to be popular and sends its content to servers accordingly. 
“Not only are we placing content on all of these servers around the world, but we are pre-placing them based on what is popular. Because we predict what is popular, we’re able to put it as close as possible under the correct server,” Haspilaire says. “This pre-placement of our films and shows allows us, based on prime time viewing hours, to store 100 percent of our catalog locally. And that basically eliminates the whole risk associated with service disruption.”
Netflix then shuffles the videos around its servers based on what it expects to get the most attention. Open Connect has two types of servers: flash, which handles faster delivery, and storage, which holds up to 350 TB of data. If something sitting in storage becomes popular, Netflix will move that title onto the flash server. 
“The flash server is designed to serve a larger portion of the traffic, so as demand increases for a show or film, our OCA is built to be dynamic by transitioning it from storage to flash to meet that demand,” the company tells me.
Hundreds of millions of people huddling in their homes and looking for entertaining distractions was a perfect litmus test for this 10-year-old project. “The pandemic really kind of tested our infrastructure, or our technology, in such a way that it was not built for,” Haspilaire says. Open Connect helped future-proof Netflix against that increased demand.
King of streaming
Open Connect is one of the biggest behind-the-scenes drivers behind Netflix’s ability to perform as well as it did during the pandemic. But there’s a lot of other moving parts that put Netflix far ahead of its competitors. Rayburn points to Netflix’s video and audio encoding initiatives as one such example, though its user experience is another big one. Even if Netflix had a “huge advantage,” as Rayburn says, over competitors with its decade-long lead, you’ve got to have a rock-solid product to grow and retain a subscriber base.
“Nobody is going to disagree or argue with Netflix that they’ve built a system that works at scale, and that is the biggest thing that is missed in our industry,” Rayburn says. “You only get that number of subs if you can deliver good, quality consumer experience at scale. Nobody’s ever had the scale to the degree Netflix has. Nobody has that expertise.”
In other words, users have to actually enjoy the stuff that’s built on top of Netflix’s infrastructure, as well. Beyond just ensuring that streams don’t crash and burn, the consideration that goes into the development of Netflix’s various features are often overlooked simply because we don’t have to think about them — they just work. But Netflix is constantly working on improving its UI.
“We don’t make an assumption that one size fits all. When you think about design, we could just design the product for the western audience, but that doesn’t necessarily mean that it works in Korea or Japan,” says Steve Johnson, Netflix’s vice president of product and studio design. “So we have to think about the nuances and the particulars that happen in those different countries.”
As other services continue to grow, it’s possible and even likely that major streamers will be looking to Netflix’s infrastructure and top-to-bottom business strategy for guidance. With any luck, maybe that’ll even fix the universal nightmare of streaming content virtually anywhere else.
Update November 18th, 3:35PM ET: This story has been updated with a statement from Netflix on the terms of its relationship with AT&T.

You’d expect a lot from Amazon’s first self-branded TVs. After building a successful hardware business with its Echo smart devices and Fire TV streaming gadgets, now the tech giant wants to put its name on the biggest screen in your home. The new Fire TV Omni series delivers 4K HDR picture in multiple sizes that start at aggressively low prices: the 50-inch model costs $359.99 at the time of this review. Only the largest 65-inch and 75-inch models include Dolby Vision HDR, which, in Amazon’s own words, allows for “a more cinematic experience.” All of the Omni TVs run Amazon’s Fire TV software and have built-in mics for hands-free Alexa voice commands — even when the screen is off. There’s also a cheaper Fire TV 4-Series on sale now, but I’m reviewing the higher-end series. 
In some ways, Amazon’s new effort shows big promise. The Alexa integration is more thorough and full-featured than what you’d get using a Fire TV stick: in addition to launching your favorite streaming apps or searching for content with your voice, you can also switch between TV inputs. And you can query Alexa when the TV’s display is fully off for simple information like the weather or to play music. The Omni also supports features like Apple AirPlay 2, which Amazon’s streaming players still do not, and you can plug a webcam into the TV’s USB port for video calls with Echo Show devices right now and Zoom and other apps later on.
But Amazon’s first TVs underwhelm in the all-important area of picture quality, and they rank below competition from TCL, Vizio, Hisense, and other TV makers that play in the same price range. There’s nothing inherently terrible about the viewing experience on the Fire TV Omni. If you’re someone who’s easy to please, you might be totally satisfied. But Amazon has made a few too many hardware compromises for me to recommend its new TV lineup to people who want the best picture for their money. 






Our review of 
Amazon Fire TV Omni (55-inch)


Verge Score
7 out of 10






Good Stuff

Aggressive pricing
Hands-free Alexa even when TV is off
Low input lag for gaming



Bad Stuff

No local dimming means mediocre black levels
Color accuracy is off the mark
Panel is limited to 60Hz




Buy for $409.99 from Amazon
Buy for $409.99 from Best Buy



Before going further, I have to note that while Amazon claims these are “Amazon-built TVs,” they are almost certainly being manufactured by TCL. There are unmistakable hardware similarities between them, from the general overall design to the I/O port layout. I’m sure Amazon had some input into the final product (especially with regards to the Alexa integration), but there’s no denying who the company contracted to produce these. 
 









A blue LED illuminates when the mic is activated.



The 55-inch model I tested has black bezels, though there’s a slimmer silver trim on the 65-inch and 75-inch Dolby Vision sizes. Centered below the bottom bezel is an LED indicator for the far-field microphone array: a blue light illuminates when the “Alexa” wake word is detected (and you’ll see the familiar long blue line across the lower portion of the TV screen). If you’re not a fan of your TV having built-in microphones, you can disable them by flipping a switch that’s on the TV’s underside. A red light indicates that the mics have been turned off, and you’re still free to use voice commands with the Alexa Voice Remote in this scenario. 
 









A red LED indicates that the TV’s microphones are disabled.



As for port selection, the Omni includes three HDMI 2.0 ports and a single HDMI 2.1 eARC port that can take advantage of the latest and greatest soundbars. There’s also cable / antenna input, ethernet, a USB 2.0 port, optical audio out, a headphone jack, and a port for the IR emitter that Amazon also includes in the box. That IR emitter can be used to control your other home theater gear and gives the Omni some very rudimentary universal remote capabilities, much like the Fire TV Cube. 
Similar to existing “Fire TV Edition” TVs from Toshiba and Insignia, Amazon’s Omni TVs run the company’s Fire TV software with a few extra tweaks for TV inputs, picture settings, and so on. But general navigation, browsing content, and streaming all feel the same here as on a Fire TV Stick 4K. All of the major streaming apps you’d want are accounted for, even if the interface continues to put a bigger emphasis on Prime Video content than anything else. In most cases, Alexa’s responses were identical to those I’ve received on a Fire TV streaming device. You’re not really gaining any major new functionality with the Omni, but assuming you don’t have an Echo speaker in the same room, it’s nice being able to ask for the basics (like turning off a nearby smart bulb) with the screen off. Another potential benefit of going with this TV is that you’ll receive new software updates long into the future, though the same can be said for Roku TVs. 

 









The Fire TV Omni has three HDMI 2.0 ports and one HDMI 2.1 eARC port.



 









You get the standard Alexa Voice Remote in the box.




It’s when you start watching movies and TV shows on the Fire TV Omni that it becomes clear Amazon settled for average picture quality. These TVs use a direct LED backlight and lack any kind of local dimming that can produce deeper black levels by illuminating and dimming “zones” of the screen as necessary. So the contrast on Amazon’s TV falls short of what you’d find on something like TCL’s 5-Series or Vizio’s M-Series. It’s not the end of the world, but it’s noticeable. I’m disappointed that Amazon went such a basic route — particularly on the larger screen sizes — and picture quality suffers for it. Black levels aside, I’ve found general HDR10 performance across several movies to be respectable for the price range of this 55-inch model, though Digital Trends was disappointed by the maximum HDR brightness levels on the Dolby Vision-capable Omni. This is another area where it’s evident that Amazon isn’t trying to outshine the competition and instead settling for “passable.” 


Agree to continue: Amazon Fire TV Omni
Every smart device now requires you to agree to a series of terms and conditions before you can use it — contracts that no one actually reads. It’s impossible for us to read and analyze every single one of these agreements. But we’re going to start counting exactly how many times you have to hit “agree” to use devices when we review them since these are agreements most people don’t read and definitely can’t negotiate.
Using a Fire TV Omni requires an Amazon account, which means you’ll have to agree to the company’s conditions of use and privacy notice to get started. It’s also important to be aware of privacy settings for Amazon’s Alexa since the voice assistant plays such a large role on this device.
The Fire TV platform comes with its own privacy settings (enabled by default) that allow Amazon to:

“Use personal data collected by the operating system of this device for marketing and product improvement purposes.”
“Allow Appstore to collect information on the frequency and duration of use of downloaded apps.”

There’s also an “interest-based ads” option that lets you opt out of apps using your device’s advertising ID to build a profile for targeted ads. Separate from this, you can choose to reset your advertising ID.
Final tally: two mandatory agreements, plus Alexa privacy policy and data sharing settings that are specific to Fire TV.



You aren’t going to be gaming at 120Hz with your PS5 or Xbox Series X on the Fire TV Omni: this is a 60Hz panel, and it also lacks variable refresh rate. But there’s at least support for auto low latency mode (ALLM), and Amazon fares impressively well at cutting down input lag when gaming mode is active. It’ll work for gaming but definitely doesn’t check every box that new console owners are looking for. 
 









Only the 65-inch and 75-inch models include Dolby Vision HDR.



At review time, there are still several features of the Fire TV Omni listed as “coming soon,” such as the aforementioned AirPlay 2 support and the ability to use Echo speakers for home theater sound. A native Zoom app has also yet to appear. 
My overall takeaway after testing the Fire TV Omni is that it’s an attractively priced 4K TV with convenient voice controls — but only so-so picture quality. Amazon really needs to do better at that criteria next time around. You can buy a TCL 6-Series Roku TV with fantastic picture quality for not much more. Google TV runs on gorgeous Sony OLEDs and now a high-end TCL TV with Mini LED. Unfortunately for Amazon, the Fire TV Omni’s viewing experience doesn’t really come close to any of those. At the end of the day, you’re better off choosing a TV with better picture quality and throwing in a Fire TV Stick 4K Max if you prefer Amazon’s streaming platform. But while this might be an underwhelming first attempt at “the Amazon TV” for nerds like myself, I wouldn’t count Amazon out. The prices alone might be enough to sell some people on the Fire TV Omni. And if the company can maintain similar prices and dial up the picture quality of its eventual second-gen TVs, the whole concept will be all the more appealing. If there’s one thing we know about Amazon hardware, it’s that the company is willing to improve it, and quickly. 
Photography by Chris Welch / The Verge

If you’ve made the decision to delete Instagram, whether because you’ve outgrown the need for a certain finsta or because its parent company Meta is courting controversy again, doing so isn’t as quick or easy as it should be. It can’t even be done from within the Instagram app.
Go ahead and take a moment to make an obligatory “I’m deleting Instagram” post if you'd like, and then follow these steps to ditch your account — they can be followed using either a computer or phone, as long as you’re using a browser.
First, you’ll have to go to Instagram’s special account removal request page, which can be found here, or by following the link in Instagram’s account deletion help article. If you’re not logged into Instagram for the web (most people won’t be), you’ll have to enter your credentials. In fact, it’s very likely you’ll have to put in your password twice throughout the deletion process, so now’s probably a good time to make sure you know what it is.










Instagram will clearly show you what account you’re about to delete, and ask you why.



You should end up on a page with the old Instagram logo and a dropdown asking you why you want to delete your account. Depending on which option you choose, you may be shown various links to Instagram’s help center promising to fix your issues or a message helpfully reminding you to check which account you’re deleting. 
Whichever you pick, there’ll be a box below the links that asks you to reenter your password. After you do, tap or click the button that says “Delete (your account name),” and confirm that you’re sure.











Tapping the delete button after entering your password will give you one last confirmation pop-up.


As Instagram says a few times on the account deletion page, your data won’t be immediately erased — Meta will keep it around for 30 days. But your profile and posts will be hidden on the site.
If you’re completely breaking up with Instagram, don’t forget to remove the app from your phone as well. Doing so will save you a little space and will also put a little bit of friction between you and signing back up for the service.
How to un-delete your Instagram account
Be aware that you won’t be able to bring your account back if it’s been over 30 days since you asked Instagram to delete it. You’ll have to recreate your account (your username will be freed up after your account’s deleted, but it’s possible someone could’ve taken it).










You can restore your account within 30 days by logging back in.


However, if you’re within that 30-day time period, you can get your account back, along with its posts and DMs. To do so, simply go back to Instagram and log in with your credentials. You’ll see a message saying that you requested your account be deleted, along with the date your data will be gone. To keep that from happening, just press the “Keep Account” button.
Temporarily suspending your Instagram account
If you want to remove your account from public view, but don’t want to permanently delete all your photos and messages, you can suspend your account instead.








The screen to suspend your account is relatively easy to access, but you’ll have to do it through a web browser.


Again, Meta makes you use the web version of Instagram, instead of the app, but at least you won’t have to get a link from a help article. 

After logging into Instagram.com, go to your profile and click the Edit Profile button (if you’re using a mobile browser, you’ll have to tap the settings cog to get the option).
From there, go to “Edit Profile” > “Temporarily disable my account” (it’ll be an option at the very bottom). As with deleting your account, you’ll have to select a reason why you’re suspending your account, and put in your password. 











Instagram’s “Temporarily disable account” screen.


To re-enable your account, simply log back in using the app or the website. You’ll only be able to suspend your account once a week, so if you accidentally log back in your profile, your posts will be back online and visible to followers, at least for a little while. 


Each and every day we get closer to Black Friday, the deals keep heating up. There are already a lot of great early Black Friday sales to pore over, and we’ve even gathered retailer-specific deals from the likes of Amazon, Walmart, and Target. The Verge has its own deals going on, in a way, with exclusives offered below, along with our very own giveaway. It’s certainly the season of tech deals, and kicking off today’s sales are discounts on the hottest laptops that just hit the market.
When Apple announced its new MacBook Pro laptops, its own site broke under the weight of people placing orders. But not only can you get one now, you can save a little off the total. The 14-inch MacBook Pro is up to $100 off at B&H Photo. You can get a 14-inch MacBook Pro with an eight-core M1 Pro processor with 512GB of storage and 16GB of RAM for $1,949 (usually $1,999). B&H knocked $100 off of this model as of this morning, so that promo could return soon.


    Related
  
Win a mystery bag from The Verge jam-packed with free stuff


















Apple MacBook Pro 14-inch (M1 Pro eight-core, 14-core GPU, 16GB RAM, 512GB)




                $1,949
              

                $1,999
              

                  3% off
                





The base model of the new 14-inch MacBook Pro comes with an eight-core version of Apple’s M1 Pro processor, a 14-core GPU, 16GB of RAM and 512GB of storage. It’s meant to be the new de facto choice as the content creation laptop.







              $1,949
              

at B&H
            





If you crave a bit more power under the hood, B&H also has $100 off the 10-core M1 Pro-equipped 14-inch MacBook Pro, costing $2,400. That bumped-up version comes with a 16-core GPU and 1TB of storage. These offers end on November 19th, and B&H notes that supply is limited at this price.

















Apple MacBook Pro 14-inch (M1 Pro 10-core, 16-core GPU, 16GB RAM, 1TB)




                $2,399
              

                $2,499
              

                  5% off
                





The new 14-inch model of MacBook Pro offers a larger display with a notch and more ports than previous generations, now with Apple’s M1 Pro processor.







              $2,399
              

at B&H
            





These laptops are hard to come by at retailers, and discounts on them may prove few and far between. The pent-up demand for a new MacBook Pro that answers the yearslong demands for more ports and power has even led to shipping delays on some models. It’s all for good reason, as the new Pro laptops got very high marks in our review and are the ideal computers for creators and creative professionals who want a machine that’s up to the task. Read our review.











Securing your data and personal logins can be especially important this time of year while doing tons of online shopping, and a password manager can help immensely. 1Password is offering a special promotion just for readers of The Verge. New customers can enjoy 50 percent off a 1Password individual or family plan, allowing you to automatically create secure passwords across all the accounts you use. Individual and family plans normally run $36 and $60 per year, respectively. With this offer, Verge readers can help protect their data and accounts for just $18 on an individual plan or $30 on a family plan. This promo runs until December 6th. 


    Related
  
1Password 8 arrives on Windows with a new design and big performance improvements
1Password will now let you share passwords with just a link


















1Password subscription (individual plan, annual cost)




                $18
              

                $36
              

                  50% off
                





Verge readers who haven’t tried 1Password before can save 50 percent a month on an individual subscription, which normally runs $2.99 a month, for up to a year.







              $18
              

at 1Password
            






















1Password subscription (family plan, annual cost)




                $30
              

                $60
              

                  50% off
                





1Password’s family subscription grants up to five people individual access to 1Password’s services. Typically $5 a month, our limited-time deal brings the price down to $2.50 a month for up to a year.







              $30
              

at 1Password
            






While on the topic of security, Wellbots is offering Verge readers $50 off an August Smart Lock Wi-Fi (fourth-generation) when you use promo code VERGELOCK at checkout. This is the latest smart lock from August that is compatible with the deadbolt you already have on your door. Normally $229, this exclusive deal from Wellbots saves you 22 percent for a total price of $179 — and you can pick between the black or gray finishes. Read our review.

















August Smart Lock Wi-Fi (fourth-gen)




                $179
              

                $229
              

                  22% off
                





The Wi-Fi Smart Lock is August’s latest and greatest model, one that easily adapts to your existing deadbolt. This version is smaller and quieter than the prior model and doesn’t need an external bridge for Wi-Fi connectivity.







              $179
              

at Wellbots
            





Apple’s AirTags are a handy little location tracker for iPhone users. They’re helpful for keeping track of your bag, keys, or even a wallet or purse. With a waterproof design and user-replaceable battery, they should last you a long time. Woot has an exceptional price on a four-pack of AirTags. If you’re an Amazon Prime subscriber, you can get a four-pack of AirTags from Woot for just $88. That is the lowest price around. Not an Amazon Prime subscriber? You can still nab the deal from Woot for $93 (normally $100). This offer is limited to one per customer and valid until November 30th or while supplies last.
While location trackers from Tile are available with support for more devices at a lower price, they don’t have the same level of tight integration with iOS and the Find My app. Read our review.

















Apple AirTag (four-pack)




                $88
              

                $99
              

                  12% off
                





Apple’s AirTags are unobtrusive, waterproof, and tap into the massive Find My network for out-of-range locating.








              $88
              

at Woot
            






More deals worthy of your attention

If you skipped out on Final Fantasy VII Remake last year, now might be a great time to get into it. Amazon has the PS5 version of Final Fantasy VII Remake Intergrade — complete with the Yuffie DLC — for just $45. If you’re still rocking the PS4 until you can get your hands on the newer console, a PS4 copy is just $25 and gets a free upgrade to the PS5 version. Just take note that if you go the PS4 upgrade path, you have to buy the DLC separately, but you’ll only end up spending the same $45 total as Intergrade costs right now. 
B&H has great daily deal prices on a selection of Manfrotto camera backpacks for today only. The versatile Manfrotto Advanced 2 Active Backpack is just $60 (a discount of $50), and don’t forget to try your hand at winning our mystery bag giveaway.








        Sign up for the
        
          newsletter
        
      
      Verge Deals
    
Subscribe to get the best Verge-approved tech deals of the week.






Just one more thing!
Please confirm your subscription to Verge Deals via the verification email we just sent you.




Email (required)






        By signing up, you agree to our Privacy Notice and European users agree to the data transfer policy.
        
      
Subscribe






Microsoft is beginning to roll out the ability to play games via Xbox Cloud Gaming on Xbox One or Xbox Series X / S consoles, Microsoft announced Wednesday. The feature requires a Game Pass Ultimate subscription and will be available in 25 regions “with Brazil coming soon,” according to Microsoft. But you might not have access to the feature right away, as Microsoft says it will roll out first “with our November release to a subset of Xbox gamers” and to everyone in supported markets “over the coming weeks.”
Cloud gaming on Xbox consoles could have a number of useful applications. You can use it to try or demo games available on Game Pass without having to fully download them. If a friend sends you a multiplayer invite for a game you don’t have installed, Xbox Cloud Gaming will let you stream the game so you can jump right in. 
Play Xbox Series X / S games on your Xbox One
And if you have an Xbox One, Xbox Cloud Gaming will actually let you play some next-gen exclusive games like like Recompile, The Medium, and The Riftbreaker on your last-gen console. Microsoft Flight Simulator isn’t available yet, but Microsoft says it will be added to its cloud game library in early 2022.
Xbox Cloud Gaming (formerly Project xCloud) arrived on iOS and PC in an invite-only beta in April before a wider expansion to all Game Pass Ultimate subscribers in June. Xbox Cloud Gaming integration on consoles first rolled out to Xbox Insiders in September. 
The news of Xbox Cloud Gaming on consoles arrives during a busy week for Microsoft. On Monday, the company surprise-launched Halo Infinite multiplayer, added 76 new games to its backward compatibility library, and brought FPS Boost to some Cloud Gaming titles and more Xbox Series X / S titles.

Verizon’s new Number Share Home plan gives you the ability to make and receive calls from your Echo Show, Echo Dot, and Echo using your existing phone number, as noted in a post on Verizon’s website.


“Alexa, call Keith.”Introducing Number Share - Home, a new feature that allows @Verizon customers to make and receive hands-free audio calls through their supported Amazon Alexa-enabled devices. @alexa99 @amazonnewshttps://t.co/S3bfgHJskP— Verizon News (@VerizonNews) November 16, 2021



The feature costs an extra $5 / month, but Verizon will waive the fee for three months if you purchase an Alexa-enabled device through them. And if you already have an Alexa device that you’d like to use, Verizon will only give you one month for free.
Once enabled, you make hands-free calls in the same way that you’re probably already familiar with. Say, “Alexa, call [name],” or “Alexa, dial [phone number]” to make a call, and then say, “Alexa, answer,” when a call comes in. You can also use your device to contact emergency services with the “Alexa, dial 911” command.
When you place a call through your Echo device, your Verizon phone number will display on the recipient’s caller ID. Verizon also notes that you can switch between your Alexa device and a “Verizon-distributed Android mobile phone” during calls, but it remains unclear how to do so, as well as which devices that specific feature is available on. From the phrasing Verizon uses, it appears as if live call swapping excludes iPhones, as well as Androids not purchased through Verizon.
Verizon’s Number Share plan lets you make as many calls from your Echo device as your mobile plan allows
If you’re interested in setting up the service, you can connect your Verizon number with your Alexa account by opening the Alexa app and hitting “More.” Then, select “Settings” followed by “Communication.” From here, tap “Verizon,” and then follow the steps outlined on the screen. Amazon offers more details about the service on its website.
Echo devices already give you the ability to make free calls through its Alexa Communication feature, but it can be sort of limiting. While Alexa-enabled devices support unlimited phone calls to other Alexa Communication users, it only lets you call up to 10 phone numbers in the US, UK, Mexico, and Canada (excluding 911). Plus, you can’t receive incoming calls from regular phone numbers — it only supports inbound calls from other Alexa users.
Verizon’s Number Share Home plan lets you make as many calls from your Echo device as your mobile plan allows, and it lets you receive calls from anyone. Last year, AT&T rolled out a similar partnership with Amazon as an extension of its NumberSync program. This lets you make and receive calls from your AT&T number on Alexa-enabled devices, as well as from your iPad, Mac, and smartwatch. And unlike Verizon, AT&T’s NumberSync doesn’t tack an extra charge on top of your existing phone bill (aside from any data charges that you may rack up).
Verizon offers a separate plan to share your mobile number with any non-Alexa devices, called Number Share Mobile, which lets you make and receive calls from your smartwatch or Palm device at an added cost of $10 / month. Combining both of Verizon’s unbundled Number Share plans means you’ll be paying an extra $15 / month, which is more than you’d be paying on AT&T. The Verge reached out to Verizon about the possibility of a bundled Number Share plan in the future but didn’t immediately hear back.

Production company Miramax has sued director Quentin Tarantino over his non-fungible token or NFT collection based on Pulp Fiction. The lawsuit, filed yesterday in California court and noted online by attorney Mark Jaffe, says NFTs don’t fall under Tarantino’s reserved rights for the film. Miramax accuses him of violating the company’s copyright and trademark, and it’s demanding a halt to the upcoming sale.
Tarantino’s NFT collection is supposed to include blockchain tokens associated with high-resolution scans from his original handwritten screenplay of Pulp Fiction, plus a drawing inspired by some element of the scene. But Miramax alleges that Tarantino’s limited contractual rights for Pulp Fiction — including interactive games, live performances, and other ancillary media — don’t cover NFTs linked with the film’s screenplay.
“Tarantino’s conduct may mislead other creators into believing they have the right to exploit Miramax films through NFTs”
Among other things, Miramax objects to Tarantino using Pulp Fiction branding and imagery, saying that it’s likely to confuse buyers into thinking the NFTs are official Miramax products. And it says that while Tarantino has the right to “publish” pieces of the screenplay, NFTs don’t fall under that umbrella. “The proposed sale of a few original script pages or scenes as an NFT is a one-time transaction, which does not constitute publication,” the lawsuit says.
The bigger issue isn’t Tarantino’s NFT lineup, specifically, but the precedent it could set for other filmmakers. “Tarantino’s conduct may mislead other creators into believing they have the right to exploit Miramax films through NFTs and other emerging technologies, when in fact Miramax holds those rights for its films.” Major film companies have released their own NFT collections for movies like Space Jam, so that’s not an abstract concern.
While this isn’t the first NFT-related lawsuit, it’s one of the first legal tests of what an NFT actually is — or at the very least, whether it’s comparable to any of the options Tarantino reserved. Miramax claims his rights include a static set of exceptions that “do not encompass any rights or media that were not known at the time of the original rights agreement,” while its own rights are “broad” and “catch-all.” By contrast, in a response to a cease and desist letter, Tarantino alleged that he’s basically publishing sections of a screenplay with additional embellishments like the drawing.
NFTs are a frequently baffling but highly lucrative technology that’s provided an alternate revenue stream for people to profit off media outside traditional licensing deals. Tarantino’s NFTs are supposed to add a layer of “privacy and access control features” that will hide previously unknown secrets about his work — apparently inspired by a description of NFTs as having hidden “matrix code” inside of them.

The best Chromebooks aren’t just laptops that run a few Google apps anymore. Chromebooks can cover a wide variety of computing needs now, and a good Chrome OS laptop or two-in-one can be more useful than a mediocre Windows or MacOS laptop. That’s why our pick for the best Chromebook of 2021 is the Acer Chromebook Spin 713, which does just about everything right. 
The best Chromebooks are known to deliver good value. The message that many people actually want good Chromebooks — rather than just cheap ones — has gotten through to manufacturers. Many are around $500 or $600, though there are good options in the higher and lower ranges as well. The extra money goes a long way toward getting something you’ll be happy with. 
For the first time, the quality of the best Chromebooks in this range has been consistent. There are so many similarities between the offerings from Asus, Lenovo, Google, HP, Dell, and Samsung that a conspiracy-minded person might suggest they’re all sourcing their components from the same factory. That’s great news if you’re comparison shopping; the majority of this list would be good buys if you can find them at a discount. They can even rival some of the best laptops, best budget laptops, and best student laptops on the market.
Our pick for the best Chromebook is the Acer Chromebook Spin 713, and we’ve selected the Lenovo Chromebook Duet for shoppers on a budget. Other picks for the best Chromebooks of 2021 include the Google Pixelbook Go, the Google Pixelbook, the HP Chromebook x360, and the Samsung Galaxy Chromebook 2.
What most buyers want in the best Chromebook are likely the same things they want in any laptop: a good keyboard, solid build quality, long battery life, a nice screen, and enough power to do the things you want. More Chromebooks can meet those qualifications than ever before, but these are the ones that rise above the rest.
Best Chromebook 2021

 









The Acer Chromebook Spin 713 is the best Chromebook of 2021.
Photo by Monica Chin / The Verge



1. Acer Chromebook Spin 713

Best Chromebook of 2021
Acer’s Chromebook Spin 713 is, hands-down, the best Chromebook you can buy. With a gorgeous 3:2 screen that rivals some more expensive competitors, you’ll have a ton of extra vertical space for your work and multitasking. 
The keyboard is excellent with a comfortable, quiet feel, and nice backlighting. There’s even an HDMI port, which you don’t see on a thin Chromebook every day. And (most importantly) the 11th-Gen Intel processors can handle a heavy load of tabs with no problem. The Spin’s speakers aren’t great, and there’s no biometric login, but those are reasonable sacrifices to make for a laptop of this quality at this low of a price. 
In a market where the main differences between Chromebooks in this price range boil down to their screens and maybe an included stylus, Acer sets itself apart by making an affordable laptop that’s excellent in almost every way.

















Acer Chromebook Spin 713 (2021)




                $529
              

                $699
              

                  25% off
                





The Chromebook Spin 713 is our choice for the best Chromebook to buy in 2021.







              $529
              

at Best Buy
            






 









For students or anyone looking for a small secondary device, the Lenovo Chromebook Duet is a great affordable pick.
Photo by Monica Chin / The Verge



2. Lenovo Chromebook Duet

Best Chromebook on a budget
If you’re looking for an affordable device for on-the-go work, the Lenovo Chromebook Duet delivers excellent value for its low price. It’s an ultra-portable 10.1-inch 2-in-1 device with a detachable keyboard and kickstand cover. 
The Duet contains a MediaTek Helio P60T processor, 4GB of RAM, and up to 128GB of storage, and it performs well if you’re just browsing and don’t plan on using a super heavy load. It also uses a version of Chrome OS that’s made for its convertible form factor, including the first version of Chrome that’s optimized for tablet use. When detached from its keyboard, the Duet supports an Android-esque gesture navigation system that makes switching between apps a breeze. But the most impressive feature is battery life; I got close to 11.5 hours of fairly heavy use.
Of course, there are drawbacks. The touchpad and keyboard are quite small, there’s no headphone jack (and only one USB-C port), and the 16:10 screen is a bit dim. But those are reasonable trade-offs to make for such an affordable price. It makes a great secondary device for schoolwork or on-the-go browsing.

















Lenovo Chromebook Duet




                $299
              





The Chromebook Duet boasts long battery life and has a 16:10 aspect ratio display to fit more content on the screen at once. The Duet can be used as a tablet or a laptop. On the downside, it has just one USB-C port and no 3.5mm headphone jack.







              $299
              

at Best Buy
            






 









If you’re looking for a larger device with more power, one of the best Chromebooks you can buy is the HP Chromebook x360 14.
Photo by Vjeran Pavic / The Verge



3. HP Chromebook x360 14
Powerful Chromebook with a sleek design
If you’re looking to get more power and you don’t mind getting a slightly larger laptop, the HP Chromebook x360 14 is a great choice. HP has several configurations that fall under this name, but we suggest the model we tested with 8GB of RAM and 64GB of storage to go along with the i3 processor.
While we picked the Asus because of its elegant design, there isn’t much to complain about on the slightly larger HP. It has the same ports, RAM, and storage. The keyboard is great, and it also sounds slightly better because the speakers are up on the keyboard deck instead of on the bottom.

















HP Chromebook x360




                $295
              

                $420
              

                  30% off
                





The HP Chromebook x360 14 is a larger Chromebook with more power.







              $295
              

at Amazon
            






 









If the Chomebook Duet isn’t enough, the Chromebook Detachable CM3 brings some new perks to the detachable form factor, for an extra cost.
Photo by Monica Chin / The Verge



4. Asus Chromebook Detachable CM3

Best detachable Chromebook
The Chromebook Detachable CM3 is Asus’s attempt to compete with Lenovo’s highly praised Chromebook Duet. Like the Duet, the CM3 is a 10.5-inch, 16:10 Chrome OS tablet with a fabric cover, a kickstand, and a keyboard that pops on and off. It’s a bit more expensive than the Duet, but also has a few extra features. 
One unique perk is that the kickstand folds multiple ways: You can fold it the long way to stand the tablet up like a laptop, or fold it the short way and stand the tablet up horizontally. We’re not sure how practical this functionality actually is, but it’s there if you have a use case in mind. 
The CM3 also comes with a built-in USI stylus, and roomy keys with a surprising amount of travel. But the thing we found most impressive was the battery life: We averaged close to 13 hours of continuous work on the device. 
The CM3 won’t be the best Chromebook for everyone: It only has two ports (one USB-C and one audio jack) and its MediaTek processor was a bit sluggish compared to more expensive offerings. But if you’re looking for a convertible Chrome OS device and find that the Duet doesn’t quite suit your needs, you’re likely the CM3’s target audience. 

















Asus Chromebook Detachable CM3




                $370
              





The Asus Chromebook Detachable CM3 is the best cheap laptop with a built-in pen and detachable screen.







              $370
              

at Amazon
            






 









The Asus Chromebook CX5 is the best Chromebook with a 15-inch screen.
Photo by Amelia Holowaty Krales



5. Asus Chromebook Flip CX5

Best Chromebook with a 15-inch screen
Folks may understandably balk at the Chromebook Flip CX5’s price, but it really is that good. It’s sturdy enough to withstand all kinds of jolts and jostles in a backpack or briefcase, and has a unique velvety texture that’s very pleasant to hold. Add a wide port selection, a smooth and comfortable keyboard, and a vivid display, and you’ve got a chassis that can hold its own against plenty of midrange Windows laptops. 
The CX5’s performance is equally impressive. We never once heard its fan in our testing, even when pushing a workload that slows most devices down. Battery life is quite satisfactory and easily lasted us all day. And the CX5 delivered some of the loudest audio we’ve ever heard from a Chromebook. While the CX5 isn’t a perfect device, it’s a solid performer all around. 

















Asus Chromebook Flip CX5




                $725
              





The Asus Chromebook CX5 offers a great package for a bit of a steep price.







              $725
              

at Amazon
            






 









The Samsung Galaxy Chromebook 2 one of the best Chromebooks of 2021.
Photo by Amelia Holowaty Krales / The Verge



6. Samsung Galaxy Chromebook 2

Best midrange Chromebook
Samsung’s first Galaxy Chromebook shot for the moon, with a $1,000 price tag, an OLED display, a packaged stylus, and a premium build. The Galaxy Chromebook 2 isn’t so much a sequel to that device as it is a pared-down, more affordable alternative. There’s no fingerprint sensor, no stylus, and no OLED — but it’s quite functional, and with a sub-$600 starting price it’s a much more reasonable purchase. 
The Chromebook 2’s highlight feature is its finish: It comes in a bright “fiesta red” that will certainly stand out wherever you’re using it. (There’s a gray option as well, if you’d prefer something subtle.) It’s also the first Chromebook ever to feature one of Samsung’s QLED panels. QLED isn’t OLED — it’s just a fancier LED — but it still makes for one of the most gorgeous displays I’ve ever seen on a Chromebook. 
Nice screens sometimes wreck battery life, but that’s not the case here. I averaged about seven hours and 21 minutes of continuous work on the Chromebook 2, which means you shouldn’t need to plug it in too too often. And while the Core i3 processor isn’t the most powerful chip you can get in a Chromebook, it’s just fine for everyday work use. 

















Samsung Galaxy Chromebook 2




                $200
              

                $550
              

                  64% off
                





The Samsung Galaxy Chromebook 2 nails the basics.







              $200
              

at Samsung
            






 









The Google Pixelbook Go has a stylish and portable design with a standout keyboard.
Photo by Vjeran Pavic / The Verge



7. Google Pixelbook Go

Best Google Chromebook
The Google Pixelbook Go is a handsome, no-nonsense 13.3-inch laptop that weighs just 2.3 pounds. It has a sturdy magnesium chassis, and a ridged grip on the bottom to keep itself from slipping on slanted surfaces.
Not only is the Pixelbook Go portable and stylish, but it delivers solid performance, and supports fast charging through either of its USB-C ports. Battery life is also impressive. The Go lasted over eight hours in our testing, and it should get you through a full workday with no problem. But its standout feature is the keyboard, which is quiet with good travel and a springy feel. Verge editor Dieter Bohn found it to be his “favorite thing to type on by a long shot.” 
The Go is an expensive product, as Chromebooks go, and it doesn’t top our list because the Chromebook Flip C434 offers similar specs and features for a slightly lower price. But we think plenty of shoppers who value long battery life and lightweight build might prefer to spend a bit more on this device instead.

















Google Pixelbook Go




                $720
              

                $849
              

                  16% off
                





Google Pixelbook Go is a handsome, no-nonsense 13.3-inch laptop with multiple USB-C ports, great travel, and enough battery life to get you through the workday.







              $720
              

at Amazon
            





              $849
              

at Best Buy
            






 









The ThinkPad C13 Yoga Chromebook is a premium Chromebook for grown-ups.
Photo by Monica Chin / The Verge



8. Lenovo C13 Yoga Chromebook

Best premium Chromebook
Many modern Chromebooks are oriented towards kids and students, but not this one. The C13 Yoga Chromebook is a sturdy, pricey, convertible Chromebook for grown-ups. It’s part of Lenovo’s renowned ThinkPad business line, and has all kinds of ThinkPad perks including a red Trackpoint, discrete touchpad clickers, a fingerprint sensor, a webcam shutter, and an aluminum design. Put this Chromebook next to any number of Windows ThinkPads, and we might not be able to pick it out. 
The C13 is also unique in that it’s the first Chromebook to include AMD’s Ryzen 3000 Mobile C-series processors, which are marketed specifically for Chromebooks. The chips run all kinds of programs — even mobile games — quite smoothly. We do wish the battery life was a bit better — we only averaged just over six hours on one charge. We averaged seven and a half hours from our top pick, the Chromebook Spin 713, and plenty of the devices here break eight hours with no problem

















Lenovo ThinkPad C13 Yoga Chromebook




                $599
              





The Lenovo ThinkPad C13 Yoga Chromebook is a convertible, premium Chromebook for work and play.







              $599
              

at Lenovo
            





Vox Media has affiliate partnerships. These do not influence editorial content, though Vox Media may earn commissions for products purchased via affiliate links. For more information, see our ethics policy.

Waymo and UPS are expanding their nearly two-year-old partnership to include deliveries made using the Alphabet company’s fleet of autonomous Class 8 trucks. The companies had previously only conducted local deliveries using Waymo’s self-driving minivans; now, they will work together on longer-distance freight hauling. 
The deliveries will take place in Texas, where Waymo is building a nine-acre hub for its autonomous semi-trailer trucks. Starting now and lasting until the end of the year, Waymo and UPS will collaborate on freight hauling between facilities in Dallas-Fort Worth and Houston. The companies will gather data during the trial process, with an eye on safety and efficiency in particular.
Gathering data, with an eye on safety and efficiency in particular
Currently, Waymo is testing the fifth generation of its “Driver,” which is the term used to describe its combination of hardware, sensors, and AI software, on its fleet of Class 8 trucks. The company is also working with JB Hunt Transport Services to haul freight along several interstates in Texas and is continuing its work with Daimler, the parent company of Mercedes-Benz, on a fully autonomous, Level 4 system for trucks.
While much of the public’s focus has been on Waymo’s autonomous minivans that operate in Arizona as part of a ride-hailing service, less attention has been paid to the company’s stated plans to eventually launch a commercial freight hauling business. Waymo has a fleet of Peterbilt trucks that have been retrofitted with autonomous driving sensors and software, and it is currently testing them in Arizona, California, and Texas.
The trucks operate autonomously during tests and commercial deliveries but include two Waymo employees — a commercially licensed driver and a software engineer — who sit in the cab and monitor the driving. Waymo has been working on autonomous trucks since 2017 and plans to eventually launch a full-scale freight hauling and delivery service called Waymo Via.
For UPS, it’s an opportunity to realize a vision for the future where some of its delivery vehicles are electric, autonomous, or aerial drones. In addition to Waymo, UPS has conducted tests using self-driving trucks designed by a startup called TuSimple. And it said it would purchase 10,000 electric delivery vans from a UK startup called Arrival. 

After nearly 11 suspenseful months, the Senate is expected to hold a confirmation hearing on Biden’s recently appointed Federal Communications Commission chair on Wednesday. But the new chair will arrive in the middle of an agency stalemate that’s put net neutrality work on pause for Biden’s entire first year in office. 
Today, the Senate is expected to advance former FCC Commissioner Jessica Rosenworcel as chair of the commission — but it will take no action on Biden’s other nominee, and it will keep the FCC deadlocked with two Democrats, two Republicans, and one empty seat. Without a majority, Democrats will have little chance of bringing back Obama-era net neutrality rules, since the Republican commissioners remain deeply opposed to net neutrality. 
That stalemate, and the desire to keep the Trump-era rollback in place, has resulted in a surprising fight over the final open seat. In the weeks leading up to Wednesday’s hearing, several Republicans came out in opposition of Gigi Sohn’s nomination, accusing the telecom policy veteran of holding an unfair bias against conservatives — and making her path to nomination that much slower.
“I will do everything in my power to convince colleagues on both sides of the aisle to reject this extreme nominee.”
“Gigi Sohn is a complete political ideologue who has disdain for conservatives. She would be a complete nightmare for the country when it comes to regulating the public airwaves,” Sen. Lindsey Graham (R-SC) said in a tweet thread last week. “I will do everything in my power to convince colleagues on both sides of the aisle to reject this extreme nominee.”
“Sohn, obviously, her views are going to be very far apart from where mine are on all the issues,” said Senate Minority Whip John Thune (R-SD) to Politico earlier this month. “She’s very left, she’s going to be a heavy hand in regulation, very heavy in net neutrality.”
Additionally, The Wall Street Journal editorial board published an op-ed on November 8th suggesting that Sohn could use her position at the FCC to “censor conservative outlets.” Rupert Murdoch, conservative media tycoon, owns the Journal.
That pushback is particularly stark given the relatively mild response to Rosenworcel, whose nomination was lauded by Republicans like Sen. Roger Wicker (R-MS). 
A former counsel to Chairman Tom Wheeler during the Obama administration, Sohn is a prominent progressive advocate for net neutrality and additional regulatory restraints against telecom companies. At a May Verge event, Sohn called on the FCC to regulate broadband even further under new net neutrality rules, urging commissioners to enforce new pricing and transparency measures. 
Despite her desires to ramp up broadband enforcement, Republican claims that Sohn would act as a censor are unfounded. The Journal’s op-ed warned that Sohn could push for a new “fairness doctrine,” referring to an October 2020 tweet in which she said “Fox News has had the most negative impact on our democracy,” calling the network “state-sponsored propaganda.”
The FCC’s Fairness Doctrine, instituted in 1949, required broadcasters to present controversial issues in an honest and equitable manner; essentially, devoting equal air time for stations to introduce these issues and counter them. The FCC abolished these rules in 1987. As former President Donald Trump ramped up criticisms over Big Tech as a potential censor of conservative views, Republicans discussed a possible new fairness doctrine for the internet.
Sohn has repeatedly called a new fairness doctrine a “bugaboo of the right”
Sohn has repeatedly called a new fairness doctrine a “bugaboo of the right” that would be unlikely to go into effect, whether through new FCC rules or legislation, according to Politico.
“For over thirty years, Gigi has worked to defend and preserve the fundamental competition and innovation policies that have made broadband Internet access more ubiquitous, competitive, affordable, open, and protective of user privacy,” the White House said in its October announcement of Sohn’s nomination.
Before Biden’s nomination announcements last month, sources told The Verge that Sohn was in the running to become chair herself. However, Sohn’s appointment fell out of favor likely due to anticipation of Republican pushback. 
Yet, even as some Senate Republicans and media organizations oppose Sohn’s nomination, other conservative networks have issued statements in favor of her confirmation. 
“I know Gigi. I have worked with Gigi. And I have seen her fight for people’s right to express themselves, even when she disagrees with them,” Bradley Blakeman, former assistant and director of scheduling to former President George W. Bush, wrote in a Newsmax op-ed earlier this month. “I trust Gigi to get it right when it comes to protecting my free speech.”
OANN President Charles Herring said last week, “I’ve fought in the trenches side-by-side with Gigi Sohn for a number of years on multiple issues. I’m fully aware of Gigi’s personal views, yet I’m even more knowledgeable on her strong belief and advocacy for diversity in the programming lineup, especially in news, regardless of conflicts with her personal views.”
Without Republican support for Sohn’s nomination, the future of net neutrality could come down to how moderate Democrats, primarily Sens. Joe Manchin (WV) and Kyrsten Sinema (AZ), decide to vote. 
Both Manchin and Sinema back Rosenworcel’s nomination for chair, but neither have made any public statements on Sohn. Sinema has repeatedly sided with Republicans on FCC-related issues. In 2019, Sinema refused to co-sponsor Senate Democrats’ Save the Internet Act, a bill that would permanently codify net neutrality rules into law.
“If the Biden administration and Senate Democrats want to go around saying that they’re fighting against corporate monopolies and to rein in the harm these companies cause, they need to prioritize this,” Evan Greer, a progressive tech advocate for Fight for the Future, told The Verge. “I’m still optimistic that they will.”
Correction: A previous version of this story mislabeled a tweet from Gigi Sohn as being published in 2022. The tweet was published in 2020.

The original Motorola Moto 360 was one of the few good Wear OS (then Android Wear) smartwatches. At least, it was until Motorola quit the smartwatch game in 2016. It got a remake in 2019 under a different company, and two years later, eBuyNow just announced the Moto Watch 100, a cheaper, entry-level smartwatch. And for the first time, it will not run Wear OS.
Instead, the new Moto Watch 100 features a proprietary software called Moto OS. This is a major departure from the Moto watches we’ve seen until now. That means it’ll be following in the footsteps of recent watches like the Huawei Watch 3, the OnePlus Watch, and every Fitbit smartwatch since the Ionic launched in 2017. 
There are some clues in the Moto Watch 100 press release as to why. eBuyNow — a CE Brands subsidiary and Motorola’s “strategic brand partner” — says the Moto Watch 100 is aimed at first-time smartwatch users and will offer a “streamlined experience” for health and wellness. That, and on the product website, it says Moto OS “dramatically increases battery life.” eBuyNow claims the Moto Watch 100 will get 14 days on a single charge and has built-in GPS, continuous heart rate monitoring, and SpO2 sensors for measuring blood oxygen levels. Currently, there isn’t a Wear OS watch on the market that can do all that and last more than two days.
On paper, the Moto Watch 100 offers an impressive spec sheet for a $99.99 smartwatch. In addition to its health features, it’s swim-proof with 5ATM of water resistance, supports quick charging, and has a 1.3-inch LCD display. But there’s one thing Moto OS won’t have: third-party apps.
That’s not always a deal-breaker. Fitbit’s gotten by on FitbitOS for years now and only has a handful of apps like Pandora, Starbucks, and Spotify. It also has an open SDK that lets developers create their own clock faces and apps to make up for the lack of choices in the Fitbit App Gallery. However, Fitbit is a major player in this space and other attempts have been less fortunate. The Huawei Watch 3, for example, had great hardware but HarmonyOS was limited to Huawei apps that weren’t all that useful. Meanwhile, OnePlus also tried to prioritize battery life at the expense of literally everything else. It did not pay off. The OnePlus Watch was buggy to the point of being unusable when it launched in April. Two weeks of battery life wasn’t enough to make up for the OnePlus Watch’s glitchy software.
Essentially, the Moto Watch 100 is taking a calculated risk. WearOS 2 is on its way out, but it’ll be several months before Wear OS 3 arrives. Launching a new Wear OS watch right now won’t endear the company to anyone who isn’t familiar with its quirks. You only have to look as far as Fossil’s Gen 6 to see why. Whether this gamble pays off will entirely depend on Moto OS delivering a good-enough fitness tracking experience to make up for the lack of other smart features. 
The $99.99 Moto Watch 100 will be available for preorder in the US and Canada and comes in both black and silver. It’s also compatible with both iOS and Android, but iOS users will have to wait until December for the Moto iOS app. 

The 2023 Nissan Ariya, the automaker’s upcoming electric crossover SUV, finally has a sticker price. The company announced that the EV will start at $47,125, and that reservations are now being accepted. 
The Ariya, which was first announced last summer, was expected to go on sale in Japan in the middle of 2021, followed by the US and Canada later in the year. But that’s been delayed, with North American customers not expected to receive deliveries until early fall 2022. 
Nissan also revealed a bunch of new information about the various trim levels
In addition to pricing, Nissan also revealed a bunch of new information about the various trim levels. The least expensive Ariya will cost buyers $47,125 (after a $1,175 destination charge), but the costs can reach over $60,000 when optioning out a top-of-the-line model. Nissan had originally said it expected the Ariya to start at $40,000. (Nissan is still eligible for the full $7,500 federal tax credit and various state incentives.)





 Grid View


















































































































Here’s a look at the various options: 

Ariya Venture Plus with front-wheel drive, an 87kWh battery, 238-horsepower AC synchronous motor, 221lb-ft of torque, up to 300-mile estimated range: $47,125 (with delivery charge)
Ariya Evolve Plus FWD with 87kWh battery, 238-horsepower AC synchronous motor, 221lb-ft of torque, up to 285-mile estimated range: $50,125
Ariya Premiere FWD with 87kWh battery, 238-horsepower AC synchronous motor, 221lb-ft of torque, up to 285-mile estimated range: $54,625
Ariya Platinum Plus with all-wheel drive, e-4ORCE dual motor all-wheel control, 87kWh battery, 389-horsepower AC synchronous motor, 442lb-ft of torque, up to 265-mile estimated range: $60,125

Nissan is also offering discounts on charging at EVgo charging stations to the first 10,000 people who make reservations before January 31st, 2022. The discounts amount to a two-year free EVgo membership plus $500 in charging credits upon purchase. Deposits are $500, fully refundable, and can be placed at the company’s new web portal. 
Like the majority of the auto industry, Nissan has promised to make and sell more electric vehicles. The company is targeting that more than 40 percent of its US vehicle sales by 2030 will be fully electric, with even more to be electrified (meaning hybrids and plug-in hybrids). 
Nissan has long been a leader in electric vehicle sales
Nissan has long been a leader in electric vehicle sales, despite really only having one EV — the functional-if-uninspiring Nissan Leaf hatchback — on the market. The company unveiled the Ariya against the backdrop of corporate turmoil, executive turnover, plummeting sales, and pandemic-related cost-cutting at Nissan. The arrest and subsequent escape of Carlos Ghosn, former chairman of the Nissan-Renault-Mitsubishi alliance, dominated the headlines for much of 2019, casting a spotlight on an automaker that appeared to be at war with itself.
As such, the Ariya is the first major new product launch in the post-Ghosn era for the company — and a chance to turn over a new leaf (pun intended). 



Today, Amazon is opening up preorders for its largest Alexa-enabled smart display yet, the Echo Show 15. The $249.99 device has a 15.6-inch 1080p touchscreen that can be oriented in portrait or landscape, and can either be mounted on a wall or placed on a countertop (though in this latter case you’ll need a stand, sold separately, to prop the device up). 
Announced in late September, the Echo Show 15 is designed to act as a communal hub for families and show useful information like calendar appointments, reminders, and to-do lists. It shows these in permanent home screen widgets, which are displayed alongside a more typical assortment of news headlines like previous Echo Shows. 

 









It can also be oriented vertically.
Image: Amazon



 









Or placed on a countertop.
Image: Amazon




As well as these communal features, the Echo Show 15 can also act as a standalone entertainment device. It’s Amazon’s first smart display that supports 1080p streams from the likes of Netflix and Amazon Prime Video and can also act as a photo frame, has a 5-megapixel camera for video calls, and can display a feed from a compatible security camera or video doorbell in a picture-in-picture view. There’s no mention of YouTube support, however, so expect to fire up the built-in web browser if you want to access it like with previous Echo Show devices.
The Echo Show 15 is due to ship on December 9th. As well as its stock $249.99 configuration, the device is also available with a stand for $279.98. 
Update November 11th, 10:45AM ET: Updated with details of the stand you’ll need for placing the Echo Show 15 on a countertop, which is sold separately.

Private space habitat company Axiom is revealing the science that the company’s first private astronauts will do when they travel to the International Space Station (ISS) next year. The research experiments include working with stem cells to gauge how space impacts aging as well as performing a two-way 3D hologram projection demonstration using a Microsoft HoloLens.
These and other experiments will be performed by four crew members whom Axiom plans to send to the ISS in February 2022, part of the company’s Ax-1 mission. The crew will fly to the space station inside a SpaceX Crew Dragon capsule that Axiom purchased in March 2020. It’s actually the first of many SpaceX Crew Dragon flights that Axiom bought from SpaceX in order to send people back and forth to the ISS.
The four fliers on board Ax-1 include Michael López-Alegría, the mission’s commander and a former NASA astronaut who now works for Axiom, along with three paying customers. Larry Connor, an American nonprofit activist investor; Mark Pathy, a Canadian investor; and Eytan Stibbe, an Israeli investor and former Israeli fighter pilot, each paid $55 million to ride on board Ax-1. They are also the ones who helped to decide on the 25 research experiments they’ll be doing while on board the mission.
“These crew don’t really want a whole lot of spare time.”
“These crew don’t really want a whole lot of spare time,” Christian Maender, director of in-space manufacturing and research at Axiom Space, tells The Verge. “They’re planning on filling most of their time with science, believe it or not. For the little time that they are going to create for themselves, they just expressed an interest in taking opportunities to take in the views a little bit.” 
Ax-1 is set to launch on top of one of SpaceX’s Falcon 9 rockets in February, spending two days in orbit while reaching the International Space Station. Once the crew has docked with the orbiting lab, they’ll spend eight days on board, conducting their research alongside the NASA astronauts, German astronaut, and Russian cosmonauts currently living on the ISS. The research should take up to 100 hours to complete.










The Ax-1 crew (from L to R): Michael López-Alegría, Mark Pathy, Larry Connor, and Eytan Stibbe. 
Image: Axiom Space


Connor is the one who will be working with stem cells in coordination with the Mayo Clinic, studying how space travel affects heart health and senescent cells — aged cells that no longer divide and grow. Pathy, meanwhile, has up to 12 experiments on his plate, including a hologram demonstration. NASA has already demonstrated one-way “holoportation” bringing up the image of someone on the ground onto the space station, using a HoloLens. But Pathy will show that a two-way dialogue is possible, sending his image down to Earth while the image of the person he is talking to comes to him on the station. 
“What it really plays into is opportunities for more longer duration spaceflight and more deep spaceflight,” Maender says, “where you are really talking about wanting to create a human connection between your crew — no matter where they’re traveling — and back to someone on the planet.”
Stibbe will be taking part in his own mission called Rakia, named “after the dome (atmosphere) created by God on the second day after the firmament, which protects life on Earth,” according to Axiom. The goal of his research is to “connect the younger generation in Israel” by doing science and artistic endeavors, with experiments drawing on disciplines ranging from astrophysics to neuroscience. López-Alegría will help out with all of this research, as well as serve as a human subject for some of the experiments aimed at learning more about how space impacts the body.
Axiom considers Ax-1 the first of many missions. The company was founded in 2016 by Mike Suffredini, the former ISS program manager at NASA, and it has the ultimate goal of building private space stations that various customers can visit to do research. Axiom holds a contract with NASA to attach a module to the ISS as early as 2024, testing out the company’s habitat technology. That mission is part of a larger goal to expand to a free-flying space station called “Axiom Station.”
With that larger target in mind, Ax-1 and the follow-up SpaceX Crew Dragon missions will all help Axiom better understand how to get people to space safely and what kinds of work they can do in orbit when they get there. “It’s a demonstration mission for us in a lot of ways,” says Maender. “Demonstrating how we can open up more opportunities for research in microgravity beyond what can be done on the on the ISS today.”




In the online auction market OpenSea, you can pay around $600 to buy a portrait of a robot in streetwear — and, if you’re lucky, a stake in a new media empire.
The robot is called a TARS, and it’s part of the Voguverse, an elaborate 37th-century mythos involving space arcologies, a nuclear war, and interstellar travel. The portrait is one of countless digital assets being sold as non-fungible tokens, or NFTs. But by pairing its fictional universe with a blockchain-based ledger, the creators think they can tap into a new way to tell stories. 
As NFTs explode in popularity, entrepreneurs are imagining an entire media industry that’s built around them. At its most ambitious, the vision is sometimes dubbed a “decentralized Disney”: a world of fictional crossovers like the Marvel Cinematic Universe and its many spinoffs but where different characters and creative properties are owned by a panoply of fans, not a single company. Talent agencies, comics authors, and countless NFT enthusiasts are buying in.
What does owned mean? Many are still figuring that out.
 










Over the past couple of years, NFTs — essentially certificates of ownership inscribed on a cryptocurrency blockchain — have exploded into a lucrative and growing market. Some of the most sought-after NFTs are collectibles: typically limited edition runs of unique, automatically generated avatars or other items. The most popular tokens can sell for millions of dollars in sales that are more like an art auction than a bitcoin trade.
NFTs have made the biggest waves in the fine art world, and some NFT collectibles series are united by an aesthetic rather than a concrete narrative. CryptoPunks, the best-known example, are a set of 10,000 mostly human pixelated portraits. But many are based in some kind of fictional setting. At its simplest, this might look like the city of “Arctopolis,” where Chill City NFT penguins live and work. At its most complex, it might involve something like the Voguverse. 
 









Art depicting the home of Chill City NFT penguins
Chill City



The Voguverse lore is laid out on a web page explaining the backstory of the TARS, a name that stands for “Tether Assisted Robotic Skeleton.” In the far future, Earth is uninhabitable, and humans live in space-bound “hives” ruled by a galactic government and mega-corporations that deal in cryptocurrency. (A lot of NFT lore involves crypto fans getting rich.) People use TARS telepresence bots to revisit their home planet, buying models that reflect their personalities and jobs.
Vogu founder Andrew Trackzy sees TARS as a potential building block for the next big media intellectual property, or IP. “Our goals for Vogu and this IP is to grow it to a large-scale worldwide IP, just like Star Wars, just like Pokémon,” he tells The Verge. Even if Vogu doesn’t hit this bar, he thinks some other project will. “I do believe that — whether it’s us or another project that comes before or after us — that someone in the NFT space will create the next big worldwide IP.”
He’s not alone. Some NFT series involve formal media tie-ins, like Stoner Cats, a collectible that’s funding an animated series featuring Mila Kunis and Seth MacFarlane. Other creators have struck open-ended deals to leverage their fame: CryptoPunks creator Larva Labs signed to Hollywood talent agency UTA in August, and the Bored Ape Yacht Club is represented by U2 and Madonna manager Guy Oseary. Trackzy says Vogu is currently talking with several potential media partners and working on a webtoon set in the Voguverse.
Trackzy’s plan mimics the strategy of building powerhouse media franchises from toy lines like GI Joe and Transformers. NFTs have some crucial differences from action figures, however, beyond being harder for kids to play with. For one thing, many buyers are seeking a fast-growing investment rather than an art piece or a toy.
“Most people probably aren’t calling up Thundercats and being like, dude, Lion-O did not have the screen time in the last episode that I needed”
“With an action figure, most people probably aren’t calling up Thundercats and being like, dude, Lion-O did not have the screen time in the last episode that I needed,” says Trackzy, referencing the 1980s TV series. “As a project, you’re constantly under pressure from your community to increase the value of that collectible.”
Because each NFT avatar is unique, buyers can also forge a connection with a genuinely (if only slightly) one-of-a-kind character. Some NFT buyers make fan art of their purchases, while others spin entire independent stories around them like Jenkins the Valet, a character built around a Bored Ape Yacht Club NFT. If one of these stories blows up, it can raise the profile of the entire lineup. The buyers can sell their NFT if they want to move on to another project, and unlike an action figure, the person who minted the NFT can collect a royalty every time a collectible changes hands.
To NFT proponents like investor Drew Austin — who’s working on his own community NFT narrative project — that mix marks the birth of a new media model. “We are putting the foundation in place so that people can use their imagination and create stories and content and experiences with their own characters that they own through this because it’s an NFT,” says Austin. “The ability to be able to leverage the community, to be able to expand on IP and to create a universe, I think, is a really exciting concept.”
The dream might sound intuitive in the world of modern media franchises, where giant games and blockbuster movies are shaped by convoluted licensing deals for beloved figures like Spider-Man. Instead of rooting for a giant corporate merger that might let the X-Men hang out with the Avengers, fans could directly collaborate to have their favorite characters share the same fictional world.
 










For believers, NFTs and entertainment IP rights seem like a perfect match — an emerging market with overwhelming possibilities and hype paired with a billion-dollar industry in dire need of disruption.
But owning a fictional character and owning an NFT mean very different things, and the two forms of ownership don’t neatly overlap. It’s an often overlooked but incredibly important distinction that much of the NFT world is still grappling with.
To explain why, we have to dig into how NFTs and intellectual property work. NFTs are, at an incredibly oversimplified level, entries on a database called a blockchain. These entries represent (or sometimes directly encode) a file or even a physical object, and an entry is linked with a specific cryptocurrency wallet. “Owning” an NFT means having its entry associated with a digital wallet you control.
NFTs don’t confer any specific, universal set of legal rights
“Owning” a media property, by contrast, typically means that you hold the copyrights and trademarks associated with it. A copyright — again, at an incredibly simplified level — is an exclusive, automatically granted legal right to sell copies of a creative work or produce other media based on it. A trademark stops other people from selling commercial goods with a name or mark that you’ve registered with an agency like the US Patent and Trademark Office.
NFTs don’t confer a specific set of legal rights. If anything, part of their appeal is supposed to be that you don’t need a government involved in enforcing their ownership. By contrast, copyright and trademark are complex legal frameworks enforced by individual countries and international bodies.
Some NFT collectibles, like a new lineup sold by Disney, basically operate at the level of trading cards and confer no rights to the underlying art. But other NFT sellers do try to outline some kind of intellectual property framework. They draw up terms of service, laying out which legal rights they’re allowing buyers to exercise. Owning the NFT (in the “having a wallet linked to its entry” sense) signals that both parties have agreed to this contract. If one side breaks it, the two parties could go to court, the same way you could sue over any broken contract.
 









Voguverse robot NFTs are part of a complex fictional universe.
Vogu Collective



But these contracts vary widely. Holding a Chill City penguin NFT allows you to print non-commercial “one-off units” of T-shirts or other items depicting the penguin. A Bored Ape Yacht Club agreement lets you sell merchandise or derivative works depicting your ape, although you can only use the phrase “Bored Ape” to reference the NFT number. CryptoKitties uses the NFT License, an attempt at a standardized NFT intellectual property framework. Cool Cats offers a single sentence saying users are “free to do anything” with their digital cats.
Even a fairly generous NFT deal isn’t the equivalent of Disney owning the Avengers, as you’ll see if you look at lore-heavy collectibles like Vogu’s TARS. Vogu’s terms of service give TARS owners an exclusive copyright license to an image of a robot with the NFT’s specific combination of features. If Vogu wants to depict that exact robot in its media, the contractual deal it struck with the current owner says it needs to either get their permission or buy it back from them. The company apparently spent $16,000 reacquiring one besuited robot to use it as a fictitious in-universe CEO.
But buying the NFT doesn’t give you any intellectual property rights to the underlying details of the Voguverse, like the backstory of the robots or the term “TARS.” If you wanted to make a cartoon starring your TARS without Vogu’s active approval, you’d have to invent a whole new sci-fi world complete with new names for everything — as Trackzy puts it, Robot Dude In A Kimono is acceptable, but Vogu Kimono Guy is not.
“When you look at a CryptoPunk, it sort of served as inspiration to us”
NFT creators can also bypass buyers by designing a non-minted media character in the style of their collectibles. If Vogu had really wanted to avoid paying for a CEO that looked like a specific TARS, it could have made a nearly identical robot but added an extra accessory. For future projects, the Vogu Collective plans to hold virtual casting calls for cameo roles, but its major characters won’t be drawn from the TARS NFT lineup. Other creators take similar tacks: Stoner Cats isn’t selling NFTs of its main characters, for example — it’s offering collectibles recombining their attributes.
“We wanted artists in the space to be able to exercise their creativity and use what they purchase. That’s part of the value of owning these assets,” says Trackzy. “At the end of the day, it’s a business decision that we had to make, to make sure that the community was happy with the rights that we gave them. But we also have to make sure that when I go and sit down with Universal Studios, they’re comfortable that they can make a movie.”

Many NFT sellers still want people to play in their sandboxes. Unlike Disney, a company notorious for ruthless copyright crackdowns, plenty of them welcome fan works, including for-profit add-on NFT series. But that’s not unusual for small creative projects of any stripe, and a lot of collaborations involve handshake approval or one-off licensing deals, not an automatic blockchain contract. 
The team behind Jenkins the Valet says they’ve been collaborating with BAYC since the beginning of the project. “Our teams are working together to make sure that everyone is protected, and we will continue to exercise due care to make sure that their IP is expressed in a positive way that does not contradict what they are building,” they wrote in an email. (That said, they won’t be using the Bored Ape branding in their work.)
“We wanted artists in the space to be able to exercise their creativity and use what they purchase. That’s part of the value of owning these assets”
The Vogu Collective also grants licensing permissions on a case-by-case basis, including to people who don’t own its NFT. One TARS-less fan is currently building a Voguverse-themed tabletop role-playing game based on the freely available Dungeons & Dragons ruleset, thanks to an informal agreement that gives Vogu final approval rights.
 









The cover of Punks #1 comic
Pixel Vault



Some people are making NFT-based art without this kind of top-down approval, but they’re treading carefully around thorny ownership issues. Punks comic — one of multiple comics and at least one band involving team-ups between different NFT avatars — is based on portraits from the CryptoPunks lineup. While Pixel Vault members own the avatars in question, Pixel Vault founder Sean Gearin says they haven’t been able to contact CryptoPunks creator Larva Labs for approval. Instead, the company enlisted three teams of lawyers to create a “100 percent unique” intellectual property inspired by the collectibles.
Punk #8146 of CryptoPunks, for instance, is a tiny and nameless figure with a barely visible cigarette and a propeller beanie. Punks protagonist Beanie has the same hat and cigarette, but he’s got a backstory as a former busboy who becomes a digital art kingpin, and he’s drawn in a far more detailed comic-book style. “When you look at a CryptoPunk, it sort of served as inspiration to us, but when you look at the comic itself, it bears no resemblance really to the original art of Larva Labs,” says Gearin.
Pixel Vault’s process resembles a fandom strategy called filing off the serial numbers, where authors change names and world details to make original stories out of fanfiction. This also happens in traditional comics: Doom Patrol’s Willoughby Kipling was created as a direct stand-in for Hellblazer’s John Constantine, and Marvel’s Wade Wilson (aka Deadpool) began as a near-clone of DC’s Slade Wilson (aka Deathstroke.)
NFTs play an important social role here. If Pixel Vault didn’t own the individual CryptoPunks it’s drawing inspiration from, Punks would probably draw community censure and pressure from Larva Labs. But the blockchain isn’t replacing long-standing legal maneuvers — or changing the fact that you don’t need a license to get inspired by a work of art.
 










Punks is only a jumping-off point for Pixel Vault, which is trying its own ambitious approach to NFT storytelling. That’s the Metahero Universe: a nascent franchise built by a core creative team but run partly by fans.
Metahero started with a series of generative NFT avatars representing heroes and villains. Pixel Vault wants it to include a series of comic books and a big-budget massively multiplayer game. To manage this, it’s founded a series of planet-themed decentralized autonomous organizations, or DAOs. 
DAOs are essentially groups of token holders who pool their resources and vote on decisions, similar to shareholders at a company. This system offers broad decentralized decision-making rather than ownership of a specific character. It could also add complications to the already difficult process of designing a video game.
Building a Metahero game could be tough under any circumstances. When I spoke to Pixel Vault, the company had a 17-person staff whose background mostly wasn’t in game design. (It’s apparently considering partnering with a larger studio.) With the DAO structure, NFT holders are supposed to pick the game’s genre — like a battle royale title or a more traditional MMO — and then vote on numerous decisions throughout development, to the point of firing an entire creative team. It’s an intriguing experiment, but it also sounds a bit like running a Kickstarter campaign for a piece of video game concept art and promising to let backers run the studio.
“I think self-preservation will ultimately rule the day”
If a game is open to non-DAO members, as Gearin says the Metahero MMO will be, the structure also seems to encourage a fandom crypto-aristocracy. Pixel Vault wants to balance the experience so players without an expensive NFT could join and have fun, even if more money offers visual flair or special abilities. But in theory, DAO holders could simply order the developer to let them steamroll every other player in the game.
Gearin thinks DAO members will avoid this because they’re invested in the overall long-term health of the game. “I think self-preservation will ultimately rule the day. So even if initially, they like the idea of ‘We want to be able to pay to win,’ ultimately that’s going to stunt the growth of the game, right?” he says. “The community can ultimately decide what they will, and it will be somewhat unpredictable. But at the end of the day, people typically act in what they believe their own best interest is.”
In case they don’t, Pixel Vault has an escape hatch: it controls 45 percent of the voting power in any decision. The planetary DAOs control another 45 percent, and 10 percent is tied up in a “founders DAO” that’s not associated with Pixel Vault but composed of early adopters who support its vision. “It’s kind of like the little security to help ensure that the best decision gets made if we indeed have the best decision,” Gearin says. But at least, in theory, all the DAOs could unite against their creator — taking the universe in any direction they want.

While Metahero is an organized attempt to create a decentralized media franchise, some NFT creators are taking the opposite tack: starting with a tantalizingly skeletal collectible, then encouraging NFT owners to build a fan-made world around it.
The best example of this is Loot, created by Vine co-founder Dom Hofmann. Loot bags are procedurally generated lists with a Dungeons & Dragons-like fantasy flavor: Loot Bag #980’s contents include “Crown” and “Demon Husk;” #2073 includes “Shoes,” “Necklace,” and “‘Rune Root’ Quarterstaff of Giants.”
Since launching in August, the text-based Loot bags have inspired a dedicated fandom. Buyers made art depicting their bag’s contents and formed guilds with people who own the same item, while other creators designed independent NFTs that pair with the bags. If you own a Loot Bag, you can do things like generate a custom Loot Character, a pixelated avatar wearing or holding items from the bag. The Loot Character is then minted as an NFT that’s permanently linked with the bag.
“As soon as you make it formal, it starts to feel much more like you’re engaging with a corporation”
A Loot Character team member who goes by Moniker says the group talks regularly with the core Loot team. But the whole enterprise is deliberately informal. There’s no hard answer to who holds the rights to Loot Characters’ art or even the name of the project since it’s derivative of the original Loot NFT lineup. “It’s sort of a bit of a handshake at this point,” Moniker says. “As soon as you make it formal, it starts to feel much more like you’re engaging with a corporation than you are a bunch of folks that are just really excited about a project.”
 









A procedurally generated Loot Character
Loot Character



Some other projects have followed Loot’s formula, like Adventure Cards, which generates the names of cards for a nonexistent Magic: The Gathering-style game. Adventure Cards has inspired its own community-built augmentations, including a simple but playable digital game. “I want people to feel like they can own the cards and be inspired by the cards, as long as everyone is explicit about what their contribution is,” says Adventure Cards creator Paul McKellar, previously a member of Square’s founding team. “I’d like to do whatever, honestly, lets people do as much as possible.”
But NFT creators’ commitment to openness generally hasn’t extended to a formal system for sharing ownership of the world, at least not yet. “I think that it’s really yet to be determined what the best ways of leading the communities are,” McKellar says. One possibility is a DAO composed of people who have contributed to the Adventure Cards universe. If a company wanted to adapt the series for film or TV, they’d work with the DAO to sign a deal, and DAO members could split the profits.
“It’s really yet to be determined what the best ways of leading the communities are”
That’s a starkly different model from some older web art. The SCP Foundation, for instance, is a wiki composed of thousands of fictitious paranormal incident reports written by a plethora of authors. The entries are licensed under Creative Commons, an alternative copyright model that lets anybody remix or build on a work. The Creative Commons system requires that all the original stories and any adaptations must be distributed freely, and the wiki itself warns creators that they won’t be getting rich. That guaranteed legal safety, however, has turned SCP into a far bigger decentralized media universe than any NFT project. On top of its reports’ collaborative interlocking narrative, it serves as the source material for spinoff novels, video games, and short films.
To some fandom veterans, NFT projects’ murky ownership questions mean collaborative blockchain storytelling doesn’t look like a revolutionary new medium, just the latest attempt to monetize fan labor. In late October, six young adult fiction authors spurred a community backlash with a project called Realms of Ruin: a fantasy world where the authors would compose origin stories and fans would write tie-ins that they could mint as NFTs. It wasn’t clear who would control the copyright to these tie-in stories, and potential participants worried they were giving up legal ownership in exchange for blockchain tokens. The creators, apparently surprised by the negative response, shut down the project within hours.

It’s not clear that NFTs make it easier to craft new art from old art, nor that they would help settle common copyright conflicts. Countless copyright cases revolve around fair use, a situation where proving ownership is beside the point. Other cases, like Disney’s long feud with Marvel comics veterans, hinge on the precise terms of a contract. A blockchain could help prevent works from being “orphaned,” or dropped into a limbo where the rightsholder can’t be found, except that cryptocurrency owners lose or forget keys all the time and many transactions are anonymous.
Meanwhile, trying to use NFTs as a proxy for copyright raises its own concerns. If you do something like buy a superhero avatar, write a comic book about the hero, and sell the underlying avatar, there’s no clear norm about whether the new buyer should expect the rights to your comic. If Netflix wants to make a TV series about that comic, it’s even less clear how many people it would need to sign a deal with.
And ultimately, while NFT owners might love their digital characters, companies still own the names and stories that give them meaning. “Are these individually owned NFTs going to hit Main Street? If you can’t use the Bored Ape Yacht Club name — you’re just a cool picture of a monkey. If you can’t use the Vogu name — you are just a cool picture of a robot,” says Trackzy. “We still have a long way, I think, for that.”

Jawed Karim, the third co-founder of YouTube, has condemned the platform’s removal of public dislike counts on videos, suggesting that the change will lead to YouTube’s decline.
“Why would YouTube make this universally disliked change? There is a reason, but it’s not a good one, and not one that will be publicly disclosed,” writes Karim. “The ability to easily and quickly identify bad content is an essential feature of a user-generated content platform. Why? Because not all user-generated content is good.”
YouTube made the change to its UI last week, saying it removed public dislikes in order to counter harassment and promote “respectful interactions between viewers and creators.” But many YouTuber users and creators have criticized the decision, arguing that dislike counts give the community a way to express its preferences as well as quickly identify misleading and spam videos promoted by YouTube’s own algorithm. 
“Does YouTube want to become a place where everything is mediocre?”
Karim has been getting his own message out in an unusual way: by editing the description to the first video ever uploaded to YouTube, a banal clip titled “Me at the zoo” which stars the 25-year-old Karim himself. Karim originally edited the description of the video a few days ago to read: “When every YouTuber agrees that removing dislikes is a stupid idea, it probably is. Try again, YouTube [face palm emoji].” But this morning he changed this description once again to give a more detailed condemnation: 
“The ability to easily and quickly identify bad content is an essential feature of a user-generated content platform,” writes Karim. “Why? Because not all user-generated content is good. It can’t be. In fact, most of it is not good. And that’s OK. [...] The process works, and there’s a name for it: the wisdom of the crowds. The process breaks when the platform interferes with it. Then, the platform invariably declines. Does YouTube want to become a place where everything is mediocre?”
It’s not the first time Karim has used the “Me at the zoo” video as an informal billboard for his opinions on the platform. In 2013, when YouTube announced it would use Google Plus to power comments — a move which many saw as a way for the search giant to force increased engagement for its doomed social network — Karim changed the video’s description to read: “why the fuck do i need a google+ account to comment on a video?”
In his statement today, Karim compares the video in which Matt Koval, YouTube’s “creator liason,” announced the removal of dislikes to infamous footage of US soldier Jeremiah Denton, who was captured during the Vietnam War. In 1966, Denton was forced to give a television interview by his captors, during which he blinked in Morse code to spell out the word “torture.”  
You can read Karim’s latest update in full below: 

The spoken words did not match the eyes. The video reminded me of an interview Admiral Jeremiah Denton gave in 1966. I have never seen a less enthusiastic, more reluctant announcement of something that is supposed to be great.
Calling the removal of dislikes a good thing for creators cannot be done without conflict by someone holding the title of “YouTube’s Creator Liaison”. We know this because there exists not a single YouTube Creator who thinks removing dislikes is a good idea — for YouTube or for Creators.
Why would YouTube make this universally disliked change? There is a reason, but it’s not a good one, and not one that will be publicly disclosed. Instead, there will be references to various studies. Studies that apparently contradict the common sense of every YouTuber.
The ability to easily and quickly identify bad content is an essential feature of a user-generated content platform. Why? Because not all user-generated content is good. It can’t be. In fact, most of it is not good. And that’s OK. The idea was never that all content is good. The idea WAS, however, that among the flood of content, there are great creations waiting to be exposed. And for that to happen, the stuff that’s not great has to fall by the side as quickly as possible.
The process works, and there’s a name for it: the wisdom of the crowds. The process breaks when the platform interferes with it. Then, the platform invariably declines. Does YouTube want to become a place where everything is mediocre? Because nothing can be great if nothing is bad.
In business, there’s only one thing more important than “Make it better”. And that’s “Don’t fuck it up”.


Uber is no stranger to subscriptions, offering Amazon Prime-style benefits for a monthly fee since 2018. Today, the company is rolling out its latest, dubbed Uber One, which is aimed at highlighting the company’s post-pandemic shift to food and grocery delivery. 
For $9.99 a month or $49.99 a year, Uber One members will get access to perks such as guaranteed pricing on rides and delivery, and discounts such as 5 percent off “eligible” rides, food, and grocery deliveries. 
Uber One is targeted at the company’s most frequent — and loyal — customers
Uber One members won’t have to pay a delivery fee for takeout and groceries, will have priority access to top rated drivers and couriers, and get $5 cash back on late deliveries. They’ll also get other “exclusive perks,” such as various promotions and “invite-only experiences.” 
Uber One is targeted at the company’s most frequent — and loyal — customers, as most people will switch back and forth between Uber and Lyft in search of the right price. Uber wants to reward those customers who keep using its product, whether its for rides, food delivery, or both. 
Uber One will replace Eats Pass, the food delivery version of the company’s first customer subscription product launched in 2018. For $24.99 a month, Uber Pass subscribers get 10 percent off rides and 5 percent off delivery orders. Now, Eats Pass members will be automatically upgraded to Uber One at the start of their next billing cycle. 
For Uber Pass members, there will be no changes to the plan, but if they wish to join Uber One, they would need to cancel Uber Pass and sign up for Uber One.

Apple is opening up iPhones and Macs to DIY repairs. The company plans to start selling parts and tools and offering instructions on how to repair Apple products at home, without having to bring them into a store or a third-party repair shop. Apple plans to start with the iPhone 12 and 13, followed by Macs with M1 chips. You’ll be able to replace the iPhone’s display, battery, and camera using parts from Apple at first, with other options coming later.
This is a huge shift from Apple, which has historically been resistant to the right-to-repair movement and from any repairs happening outside of its own stores. Even this week, Apple was walking back software that prevented Face ID from working if customers replaced their own screen.
iFixit celebrated the move but noted some substantial caveats
Apple is calling the program “Self Service Repair,” and it’ll launch “early next year” in the US and then expand to other countries. The company says the program is only meant for “individual technicians with the knowledge and experience to repair electronic devices” and that most customers should still go to a professional. But Apple is at least now offering an option for the customers who do feel comfortable undertaking the repair on their own. Critically, making these repairs yourself won’t void a device’s warrant, according to TechCrunch, although damaging your device in the process still might.
The change also helps to further entrench Apple in the repair process. The company already has a program to sell “genuine” parts to third-party repair shops, and today’s announcement makes it all the more likely customers will buy full-priced parts from Apple — parts that won’t trip off iPhone systems that try to prevent the use of components that weren’t bought from Apple — rather than looking for aftermarket options in the limited circumstances where that might be possible.
iFixit, the go-to resource for DIY repair parts and instructions, celebrated the move but noted that it came with substantial caveats. Apple’s decision is “a remarkable concession to our collective competency” and invalidates many of the arguments that Apple and other companies have made against right to repair, writes Elizabeth Chamberlain, iFixit’s director of sustainability. But Chamberlain notes that this still isn’t “the open-source repair revolution we’ve sought through our fight for the right to repair” because it appears to still support restrictions that require parts to be bought straight from Apple.
Apple says it plans to sell “more than 200 individual parts and tools.” The company will also offer repair manuals that customers can review before buying the parts.
Pricing for the parts and tools hasn’t been announced. Apple says customers can receive a recycling credit for returning their used part after completing a repair.

Tidal is making some significant changes to its subscription plans and introducing a free, ad-sponsored tier for the first time. The new Tidal Free plan launches today, is exclusive to the US, and the company says it offers “access to our entire music catalog and playlists, with limited interruptions.” Streaming quality tops out at 160kbps, however, so it’s not much for Tidal’s paid options on that front.
As for those paid subscriptions, Tidal is upgrading its standard paid plan to include lossless and high-resolution audio. Now known as Tidal HiFi, the $9.99-per-month tier offers the improved music quality (up to 1411kbps) and also adds “offline capabilities, access to features like Tidal Connect and My Activity, which provides individualized daily listening insights.” With Apple Music and Amazon Music Unlimited now offering lossless at no extra cost, Tidal had little choice here but to match those services. The service, now owned by Square, was among the first to make a big lossless push. 
But the company is also adding a new, third plan called Tidal HiFi Plus. It costs $19.99 monthly and will be home to Tidal’s most premium audio content. You’ll need HiFi Plus for “best-in-class immersive sound formats” including Dolby Atmos and Sony 360 Audio tracks. Tidal’s Master Quality Authenticated (MQA) recordings are also reserved exclusively for the higher HiFi tier. 
Separate from its consumer-facing news, Tidal is announcing some new initiatives it hopes could provide artists with some additional revenue from the fractions of scraps they normally receive from music streaming services. Here’s what those will entail, according to the company:

Direct-to-artist payments: Beginning today, TIDAL will launch monthly direct-to-artist payments. This innovative program will give artists access to an additional payment stream, so they can benefit directly from their biggest fans on TIDAL. Each month, a percentage of HiFi Plus subscribers’ membership fees will be directed towards their top streamed artist, which they will see in their activity feed. This direct-to-artist payment is in addition to their streaming royalties.
Fan-centered royalties: Starting in 2022, TIDAL is taking a different approach on royalties. In this new model, royalties attributed to HiFi Plus subscribers will not be aggregated. Rather, royalties will be paid based on the actual streaming activity of individual HiFi Plus subscribers as opposed to the industry accepted method of aggregating streams, empowering fans to play a larger role in the success of their favorite artists.

These new efforts sound promising in concept and definitely shake things up — particularly the fan-centered royalties — but keep in mind that Tidal is only pulling this extra money from subscribers on its top-tier HiFi Plus plan. The regular Premium / HiFi plan isn’t contributing to direct-to-artist payments or fan-centered royalties. In an unsurprising bit of corporate synergy, Tidal says it’ll be working with Square, Cash app, and also PayPal “to ensure quick and seamless payouts to artists globally.”
All of this comes as Spotify HiFi, announced nearly nine months ago at this point, has still yet to launch. Spotify has only said that its lossless tier is expected to be available “later this year.” The company has made no official comment on whether, like its competitors, it will also support Dolby Atmos and other new music formats.

The past week or so has shown just how challenging the concept of a remake or remaster can be, whether we’re talking about games or TV shows. The remastered Grand Theft Auto trilogy, for instance, seemed like a slam dunk but has instead turned into a meme factory. Netflix’s take on Cowboy Bebop, meanwhile, has had to thread a tricky needle of remaining true to the anime while also standing on its own. So, while it may seem like faint praise, it’s important to say this about Nintendo’s latest Pokémon releases, which bring the classic Diamond and Pearl to the Switch: they’re perfectly acceptable.
Pokémon Brilliant Diamond and Shining Pearl, as they’re called, are slightly upgraded versions of the games that first graced the Nintendo DS in 2006. The new versions follow the same simple story — you’re a budding pokémon trainer who ends up having to thwart a mysterious organization known as Team Galactic — in the beautiful Sinnoh region. You once again start out by choosing between a penguin, fire monkey, and a turtle with a twig growing out of its head. When they first came out, Diamond and Pearl really tested just how far the Pokémon formula could stretch. They didn’t add all that much, and the story wasn’t particularly memorable, and yet… I couldn’t stop playing. What they lacked in originality the games made up for with a rock-solid adventure and lots of cool creatures to collect.
This all remains true with the remakes. I’ve played through the first few hours of Brilliant Diamond, and it feels a lot like what I remember from the DS days. The most notable difference, of course, is how the game looks. Things are fully 3D, but instead of following in the footsteps of the Switch games Sword and Shield, these remakes introduce a new chibi art style reminiscent of World of Final Fantasy.










One the one hand, the graphics actually feel pretty true to the originals; characters have big heads and teeny tiny bodies while running around the field, and then inexplicably are perfectly proportioned once you hop into battle. But it’s also a bit of an acquired taste. Personally I’m not all that into the super-deformed character designs, and there are some other visual quirks, like flat textures and strangely shiny floors inside just about every building. It looks alright in handheld mode, though I found it pretty ugly blown up on a television set. I was also struck by how small the towns and routes felt compared to more recent entries. But hey, at least the pokémon look normal.
If the visuals don’t bother you, the good news is that gameplay-wise this remake is great — and that’s because it changes very little from the original. If you’ve become bored by the Pokémon formula over the years, you should probably wait for next year’s Arceus, which looks to introduce something of an open world to the series. But if the standard Pokémon structure is still enough to excite you, there are few better options. The game even adds a few more modern quality-of-life improvements, most notably having EXP share — an item that lets all of the pokémon in your party, not just the one battling, earn experience — as a built-in feature from the get-go. This massively reduces the tedium of building a team and makes things like evolving a Magikarp into a less frustrating experience. There’s also an improved smartwatch that lets you use moves like Cut — necessary for bypassing certain obstacles — without having to teach them to a pokémon, which was always a pain.
In a world where remakes, remasters, and reboots are both ubiquitous and often quite bad, it’s nice to have a game that doesn’t mess with things too much. Sure, I could’ve done with a different visual style. But there’s something really comforting about slipping back into a familiar experience and losing a few hours to the pleasant routine of catching them all.
Pokémon Brilliant Diamond and Shining Pearl launch on the Nintendo Switch on November 19th.

Doctors aren’t usually in the business of publishing photography guides. But Jenna Lester, a dermatologist at the University of California San Francisco, was growing frustrated with the poor quality images she’d receive of her dark-skinned patients. It wasn’t just a cosmetic issue — the bad photos meant darker-skinned people weren’t getting the same quality of care.
So in January, Lester co-authored a paper in the British Journal of Dermatology that gives a step-by-step guide to photographing skin of color accurately in clinical settings. Lester, who herself is Black, said, “I feel like these issues and my life is constantly me saying, ‘Hey, what about us?’ ‘What about these patients?’” 
Medical photographs are vital to documenting disease in textbooks and journals and training medical students. If they’re not accurate — if, for example, they misidentify important characteristics like texture and color — doctors don’t get as clear a picture of what disease looks like on different people. It then becomes harder for medical professionals to spot potential conditions in their patients. This contributes to disparities in health outcomes for patients of color. 
“Across different aspects of medicine, patients with darker skin are getting lower access to screening, delayed diagnoses — and when they are diagnosed, it’s more often at a point where the disease is more severe or higher stage,” says Daniel Cho, a plastic surgery fellow at the Children’s Hospital for Philadelphia. For instance, the skin cancer known as melanoma, although comparatively rarer in Black people, is significantly more likely to kill them. The 5-year survival rates in Black and white individuals are 67 percent and 92 percent, respectively.
“when they are diagnosed, it’s more often at a point where the disease is more severe or higher stage”
Bad photos of dark skin aren’t specific to medicine. Bias has plagued photography since the days of film cameras. Before the advent of commercial digital photography in the late 1990s, lab technicians in camera stores would color-calibrate film by comparing a customer’s photos to a standard called a “Shirley Card.” Named after Shirley Page, the original model who was pictured, these cards were used to ensure the color, hue, and tone of a customer’s image remained consistent and balanced against the so-called default photo. That default was whiteness, as almost all the Shirley Card models were white. This made it harder for photographers to accurately depict details of darker hues. The chemical coatings on photos also weren’t designed to be sensitive to non-Caucasian flesh tones. 
The result was that in photos with dark- and light-skinned people together, the darker-skinned person’s features were often erased, lacking the fine detailing afforded to the fair-skinned people. In the mid-1990s, Kodak began introducing multiracial Shirley Cards in an attempt to expand their global reach, which improved the issue. 
Since then, digital photography technologies have evolved. For instance, cameras that can balance two different skin tones within the same image now exist and make it easier to represent a greater variety of skin tones at the same time. But the idea of whiteness as the standard in photography has prevailed — creating serious problems, especially in medical photography. 
the idea of whiteness as the standard in photography has prevailed — creating serious problems, especially in medical photography
Within highly visual medical fields like dermatology and plastic surgery, physicians rely heavily on photographs of a patient’s skin to aid in diagnoses and treatment plans. But images of conditions on light skin are overrepresented in medical journals and textbooks. That’s problem number one, Lester says. “Problem number two is if you only see one tone of non-white skin. And problem number three is that if that tone of non-white skin looks nothing like it would in real life, how do we make a diagnosis?” 
The issue of bad photos of dark-skinned patients is widespread. “I see terrible photos all the time of dark skin,” Lester says. “When I’m flipping through a patient’s chart, and I’m trying to monitor disease over time, the photos that other people have taken have not been great.” 
For instance, a bad photo of inflammation on dark skin may make the already subtle condition difficult to see. In a person of color, the use of a flash or bad lighting can drown out the problem, and the inflammation may seem to blend into the skin. On the other hand, a well-captured image of the same taken near a window using natural light could allow a clear distinction between healthy and unhealthy skin.  
Lester says the best photos come out of health systems with specialized photography departments, which are rare. Most clinical photos are taken by well-intentioned doctors who haven’t been trained in the nuances of photographing patients of different races. There are fundamental differences in the physics of how light interacts with different skin tones that can make documenting conditions on skin of color more difficult, says Christye Sisson, associate professor and chair of the photographic science program at Rochester Institute of Technology, the only such program in the nation. 
Interactions between light, objects, and our eyes allow us to perceive color. For instance, a red object absorbs every wavelength of light except red, which it reflects back into our eyes. The more melanin there is in the skin, the more light it absorbs, and the less light it reflects back. 
“If you wrote with a red pen on white paper, the white paper reflects all those wavelengths back at you to appear white, and the red pen stands out in comparison,” says Sisson. Darker paper, though, absorbs more light. If someone writes with the same pen on that darker paper, the red reflection doesn’t stand out as much. That’s why some red skin conditions like inflammation or rosacea can appear more subtle on darker skin.  
some red skin conditions like inflammation or rosacea can appear more subtle on darker skin
But standard photographic setups don’t account for those differences. For instance, although many medical journals recommend using flash for photographing patients, it can compromise detail when done on dark skin. The contrast of the bright flash of the camera against dark subjects can make dark things appear darker than they are, reducing detail in dark skin. The reflection of the flash back from the skin can also obscure the skin tone underneath and leave a shine, an effect that is more pronounced on darker skin. “Whatever standard setup you come up with needs to take that into account,” Sisson says. 
These biases may also be increasingly cemented within new technologies, like artificial intelligence algorithms that are trained to detect conditions using clinical photographs. Google Health announced in May that it is hoping to pilot an AI-powered dermatology assistant tool to assess skin conditions and provide access to authoritative information on them. The company trained a deep learning algorithm on a set of over 16,000 pictures of various skin conditions. But only 3.5% of these cases depicted dark and deep brown skin. Out of these photos of dark skin, it’s impossible to tell how many of them were taken using techniques that make sure they’re truly representative. 
Clinical images are also frequently used in teaching materials, meaning the next generation of medical professionals is being trained with a scarcity of representative photos. And as telehealth becomes increasingly important, patients will need to be taught how to take accurate images of their conditions — which becomes hard when even their doctors don’t know how.
The consequences of these compounded issues are what motivated Lester to compile the set of tips for photographing skin of color in a medical context — instructing people to pay close attention to lighting and choosing the color of background drapes carefully, along with other techniques. Lester hopes that her guidelines will prompt others in the field to question what “standard” practice means and who it was built for and serve as a stepping stone in bridging health equity gaps. 
“Recognizing that there are nuances and differences is an important first step in making the necessary adjustments to having a photograph that looks representative,” she says.

The future of energy in America will depend on whether the US can break free from its dependence on other countries that dominate clean energy supply chains. To reach the Biden administration’s energy and environmental goals, the US will have to dramatically scale up its mining and manufacturing, lawmakers argued today during a joint hearing of the House Energy Subcommittee and the Environment and Climate Change Subcommittee. They also raised serious concerns about the US’s ability to do so.
“The sustainable economy of the future will definitely need to be built and manufactured. The question that remains to be seen is whether it will be manufactured by Americans,” said Congressman Paul Tonko (D-NY) in his opening statement.
“The question that remains to be seen is whether it will be manufactured by Americans.”
Joe Biden has pledged to get the US on a path to net zero greenhouse gas emissions by 2050, a key target that climate scientists have identified as necessary to stave off catastrophic effects of climate change. On the way there, Biden envisions a 100 percent “clean” power sector by 2035. He also wants half of all new cars sold in 2030 to be electric or hybrid vehicles.  
Those ambitions, however, will depend on the US’s ability to get enough solar panels, wind turbines, lithium-ion batteries, and other critical clean energy technologies and raw materials. But supply chains for these technologies, and for the raw materials like lithium and cobalt that underpin them, are largely concentrated overseas. This was already creating challenges for the US before the pandemic screwed up supply chains, and there are even bigger hurdles to overcome now. 
The supply chain for solar panels is an illustrative example. Only 3 percent of solar photovoltaic modules shipped around the world in 2020 were made in the US. Manufacturing and producing raw materials for solar power technology is concentrated in China. Sixty-three percent of polysilicon, a key material in solar panels, is produced in China. Seventy-nine percent of solar cells are built in China. The US produces some polysilicon but, without domestic facilities, sends it to China to be processed. 
By 2020, the International Energy Agency had crowned solar energy “the new king” of electricity supply because of falling costs and its projected growth over the next several years. But pandemic-induced inflation and supply chain bottlenecks now threaten that progress, according to an October analysis by Rystad Energy. Rising costs now jeopardize more than half the projected capacity of new utility-scale solar projects planned for 2022. 
Other clean energy technologies and raw materials are similarly vulnerable to global shocks and are dominated by China or a handful of other countries. This includes the rare earth elements used in electric vehicle motors and wind turbines and the lithium inside electric car batteries. The Department of Energy released a “national blueprint” to boost domestic production of lithium batteries back in June. Without any interventions, a previous analysis found that US battery production capacity wouldn’t be able to meet even half of the projected demand for lithium-ion batteries for electric vehicles in 2028 as more people leave gas-powered cars behind. 
Republicans and Democrats sparred with each other and with experts who gave testimony over the feasibility of Biden’s timeline for a clean energy transition given the supply chain challenges. “We can produce more and more of these products that we use for renewable energy, but we can’t get it done on the timelines that are being put out,” Congressman Kelly Armstrong (R-ND) said. Congresswoman Cathy McMorris Rodgers (R-WA) described the clean energy transition as a “rush to green radical agenda.” 
“We are well behind on a transition that’s taking place around the globe.”
“Only here in the US is this viewed as a rush,” Ethan Zindler, head of Americas at energy research firm Bloomberg New Energy Finance, who gave expert testimony, shot back. “We are well behind on a transition that’s taking place around the globe,” he said.  
To achieve its energy aims, Biden signed a bipartisan infrastructure bill into law this week that invests in electric vehicle charging stations and funds a big overhaul of the US electric grid. If Democrats manage to pass an even larger spending bill languishing in Congress, an even bigger investment in clean energy could be on the way. 
Republicans slammed Democrats for boosting spending for clean energy while Americans face higher costs for oil and gas during a global supply pinch. Democrats defended the infrastructure legislation, calling it a “counter-inflationary” measure that would create jobs and make the US competitive against China. 
Another point of contention was whether the US should dig up more critical minerals on its own land. That would decrease dependence on outside sources, but it poses potential threats to the local environment and nearby communities. The largest lithium resource in the US, for example, sits on land and a potential gravesite held sacred by members of the Fort McDermitt Paiute-Shoshone Tribe in Nevada. Activists are also concerned that a proposed mine at that site, called Thacker Pass, could harm local wildlife and exacerbate a water shortage.
“We’re restricting mining in America to acquire these critical minerals that we need for renewables, but you don’t like getting them from China or the Congo,” Representative David McKinley (R-WV) said. “I have to say you can’t have your cake and eat it, too.”
“You can’t have your cake and eat it, too.”
An expert from Redwood Materials, a lithium battery recycling company founded by former Tesla CTO JB Straubel, advocated for building up the US’s battery recycling capacity as an alternative solution to the US’s supply chain woes. “Quickly ramping a domestic battery material supply chain using the highest possible percent of local recycled raw materials is the best way we can help meet the US’s energy goals,” said Jackson Switzer, director of business development at Redwood Materials. 
The hearing went on for over four hours as lawmakers probed everything from China’s history of labor abuses tied to solar panels to how to ensure that clean energy comes with good jobs in the US. While Biden has made well-paid jobs a central talking point of his clean energy agenda, witnesses reminded lawmakers that all the talk still needs to turn into action.
“I’ve spent a lot of time over the last 15 years testifying and speaking on panels about the hope of the clean energy economy for my members and really for domestic industry,” Roxanne Brown, international vice president at large for United Steelworkers, said in her expert testimony. “And it’s been too long to be having this conversation.”
Correction December 1st 9:27AM: This story has been updated to clarify that polysilicon is produced through a chemical process rather than mined. We regret the error. (edited) 


    Related
  
New climate goals are going to need a lot more minerals 



    Related
  
The US wants to fix its broken lithium battery supply chain 



Amazon will stop accepting payments from Visa credit cards issued in the UK from January 19th, 2022. Customers will still be able to use Visa debit cards issued in the UK, as well as credit cards issued by MasterCard, American Express, and other firms. 
Amazon is blocking UK credit cards from Visa as part of an ongoing battle over “interchange” fees — levies charged by card issuers to a merchant’s bank for each transaction. Visa’s interchange fees for transactions between the UK and the European Union (where Amazon UK processes payments) were previously capped at 0.3 percent by EU law. But since the UK left the EU, Visa has been able to hike that fee to 1.5 percent. 
It’s not clear why Visa is being singled out by Amazon
However, Visa isn’t the only company to make such a change. MasterCard made an identical increase to its interchange fees before Visa, but it hasn’t been blocked by Amazon. It’s not entirely clear why Visa has been singled out. It may simply be a strategic decision on Amazon’s part — to hurt one company instead of taking on an entire industry. Or there may be specific complications in Visa’s payment policies. For example, Bloomberg notes that the company has increased interchange fees for e-commerce sites, while reducing fees in other areas, like education and real estate purchases. It’s not clear if policies from MasterCard or other card issuers make similar distinctions. 
In a statement from an Amazon, the company said:
“The cost of accepting card payments continues to be an obstacle for businesses striving to provide the best prices for customers. These costs should be going down over time with technological advancements, but instead they continue to stay high or even rise. As a result of Visa’s continued high cost of payments, we regret that Amazon.co.uk will no longer accept UK-issued Visa credit cards as of 19 January, 2022. Customers can continue to use all debit cards (including Visa debit cards) and other non-Visa credit cards to shop on Amazon.co.uk.”
While a spokesperson for Visa told BBC News: 
“UK shoppers can use their Visa debit and credit cards at Amazon UK today and throughout the holiday season. We are very disappointed that Amazon is threatening to restrict consumer choice in the future. When consumer choice is limited, nobody wins. We have a long-standing relationship with Amazon, and we continue to work toward a resolution, so our cardholders can use their preferred Visa credit cards at Amazon UK without Amazon-imposed restrictions come January 2022.”

Sonos’ latest update contains big news for surround sound fans: the addition of DTS audio support for its home theater speakers. These include not just newer speakers like the second-generation Beam and Arc, but also older devices like the first-gen Beam, the Playbase, and even the Playbar that originally launched in 2013. Even the Sonos Amp is getting in on the DTS action. 
For those unfamiliar with the technical nightmare that is home cinema audio, DTS is a rival surround sound format to Dolby Digital. So DTS support means that Sonos users can benefit from surround sound across more sources, like Blu-ray discs that use the DTS format. The release of the update comes a week after Disney announced that DTS audio support will be coming to its Disney Plus streaming service in the future.
 









A “DTS Surround 5.1” badge appears when compatible audio is being played.
Image: u/No_Author_4413



Users on Reddit who’ve tried out the functionality report that Sonos only seems to support standard DTS Digital Surround, so you won’t be able to get the most out of sources that use the higher specced DTS-HD and DTS:X formats. If you try and play DTS-HD, it reportedly comes through as regular DTS. The Sonos app shows a small “DTS Surround 5.1” badge when a speaker system is playing the format.
Other niggles you might need to watch out for are whether your TV supports DTS audio. LG’s popular CX and C1 OLED TVs, for example, don’t support DTS, which means you’ll run into issues if you’re passing DTS audio through them via HDMI. Sending audio directly from an external source to your Sonos equipment should work, though.
Other new features introduced as part of the 13.4 update include a new Battery Saver mode for portable Sonos products like the Roam which, when activated, will automatically turn the speaker off after 30 minutes to conserve battery life. By default it currently just goes into a low-power sleep mode. The Now Playing screen in the Sonos app on iOS includes a new shortcut to access EQ settings and a new HD badge that will appear when “higher quality audio” is being played.



The Staples Center, home to Los Angeles sports teams including the Lakers, Clippers, Kings, and Sparks, is getting a new name: “Crypto.com Arena.” Yes, Crypto Dot Com Arena. The cryptocurrency exchange paid more than $700 million for 20-year naming rights, according to the LA Times, making it one of the largest such deals ever. Staples paid $100 million for the rights for 10 years in 1999.
The logo will reportedly be revealed on Christmas Day for the Brooklyn Nets’ game with the Lakers, and Staples Center branding should be phased out by June. “In the next few years, people will look back at this moment as the moment when crypto crossed the chasm into the mainstream,” Crypto.com CEO Kris Marszalek tells the LA Times. “This is just such a brilliant move from the guys at [venue owner] AEG, because the next decade belongs to crypto.”
The Clippers’ star forward Paul George is less convinced by the move. “I grew up with ... Staples Center being the place to play and the place to be,” he says in comments reported by The Washington Post’s Ben Golliver. “It will definitely be weird. It’s the same location, but it‘s kind of stripping the history here… Good thing we won’t be here too long.” The Steve Ballmer-owned Clippers are moving to a new arena called Intuit Dome in 2024; the Staples Center is currently the only arena shared by two NBA teams.


    Related
  
The NBA tries to make a slam dunk out of NFTs

Crypto.com is based in Singapore and offers a Visa rewards debit card that can be used with cryptocurrencies stored in users’ accounts after being traded on its exchange, as well as providing other crypto services like NFTs and its own token. The company has ventured into sports sponsorship before, including a $100 million deal with Formula 1 earlier this year and various partnerships with teams including Paris Saint-Germain, the Philadelphia 76ers, and the Montreal Canadiens.
The NBA, of course, is no stranger to blockchain technology, having partnered with Dapper Labs to launch the Top Shot trading card platform, one of the most mainstream implementations of NFTs to date. And earlier this year, the Miami Heat’s home American Airlines Arena was renamed after crypto exchange FTX.

Fujifilm has announced the Instax Mini Evo, a new digital camera that prints to Instax Mini film. The company describes it as a new Instax flagship that has been “designed with a premium and classical touch;” and it has several retro elements including top-mounted dials and a print control that works like a film advance lever.
Like other hybrid Instax cameras, the Mini Evo has an LCD screen to help you frame your digital shots before printing. The Mini Evo includes ten lens effects that can be combined and applied to photos, and Fujifilm says that it has twice the exposure resolution of previous models. Image quality from Fujifilm’s previous hybrid Instax cameras hasn’t been great, so we’ll have to see how this one works out in practice.










The Mini Evo also works as an Instax printer, meaning you can print out pictures from your smartphone wirelessly. In the opposite direction, Fujifilm has added a new feature to let you save printed Mini Evo photos to your phone complete with embedded Instax frames, so you can share them as digital Instax snaps.
Fujifilm will release the Instax Mini Evo in Japan on December 3rd, but it won’t make its way to the US until February. It’ll cost $199.95.

After releasing a fleet of gaming products geared toward Xbox and PC, Razer is finally giving the PS5 a little love with two new Kaira wireless headsets, the $99.99 Kaira and the $199.99 Kaira Pro. They aren’t carbon copies of the Xbox versions, either. Razer made a color palette swap to a white / black colorway, and there’s leatherette covering the ear cups, as opposed to a piece of breathable mesh fabric. But that’s not all.
The more expensive Kaira Pro is the only one of the two models to have HyperSense haptics, which will deliver jolts of vibration to make your games and other content more immersive. Razer recently announced that this feature’s coming to the new (and similarly priced) Kraken V3 Pro that is also made to support PlayStation consoles, in addition to PC and the Nintendo Switch dock. I’ve yet to experience the HyperSense haptics myself, but it could make for an alluring feature stacked on Sony’s 3D Audio tech on the PS5.










Both the Kaira and Kaira Pro for PS5 support 2.4GHz wireless and Bluetooth.
Image: Razer


Razer claims to have dipped the TriForce 50mm drivers in titanium for enhanced audio quality in the Kaira Pro. Regarding the microphone, you’ll get a HyperClear supercardioid mic with the Kaira Pro compared to a cardioid mic with the standard Kaira.
Aside from those perks that come with paying more for Kaira Pro, these headsets have several traits in common, including a SmartSwitch wireless feature that lets them connect to a 2.4GHz dongle or low-latency Bluetooth. They both include the USB-C HyperSpeed audio transmitter, with a USB-A adapter for broader compatibility. I like what Razer’s done here with its new USB-C transmitter; it shifted the jack from the middle (where it was located in a previous iteration) nearly all the way to one side, so you can utilize the PS5’s other front-facing USB-A port for a different accessory.










The USB-C jack placement means this dongle won’t extend over the PS5’s USB-A port.
Image: Razer


I anticipate testing these soon, and we’ll see if they give Sony’s $100 Pulse 3D headset a run for its money. The market for made-for-PlayStation headsets is finally heating up, as SteelSeries recently launched its $169.99 Arctis 7P Plus with USB-C charging and better battery life. Though, this Kaira line might get the edge over both of those if you want dual wireless connectivity via 2.4GHz and Bluetooth. The Kaira is available now. As for the Kaira Pro, Razer will begin taking preorders on November 30th, and is aiming to ship them in December.
Correction, 8:14 PM ET, November 17th: Razer’s press release for the Kaira and Kaira Pro erroneously mentioned that the headsets include a 3.5mm jack, but the company followed up to confirm that they support 2.4GHz and Bluetooth only.

Brian Grossman had 20 years of experience in the healthcare space — but his firm, PFM Health Sciences, invested $96 million in Theranos anyway. On the stand, he explained that his firm had relied on Elizabeth Holmes’ information about Theranos, as well as financial models provided by the company, to make the call.
Taken as a whole, Grossman’s testimony in US v Elizabeth Holmes was damning. Unlike the investors from family offices, he’d visited Theranos’ facilities, had his blood drawn, and sent emails with extensive due diligence questions. He had experience in healthcare. He’d checked out Walgreens’ public statements about the company. But because he’d relied on Theranos’ representations of its technology, he was misled — and he singled out Holmes as being the source of much of the misleading information.
Holmes told him that Theranos could match anything its much-larger competitors, Quest Diagnostics and Labcorp, could do. That was “a really big statement” about how much the company had accomplished, Grossman said. 
Grossman, like other investors testifying before him, had been impressed by Theranos’ work with the military; he was told that Theranos’ tech was used on the battlefield and in medivacs. And when he heard that Theranos’ tests were used by drug companies to validate experimental products, that dazzled him too. He knew that getting drugs through the pipeline into approval was crucial to pharma companies’ businesses — so for Theranos’ tech to be used for that was a high mark of approval. The financial projections Theranos provided to him had an estimated $30 million coming from pharma companies in 2014.
Holmes did most of the talking in their meetings
Of course, neither of these things were true. Theranos devices weren’t used on medivacs or on the battlefield. And while Theranos had worked with pharma companies, none of them chose to use the tests to validate experimental products, largely because preliminary studies showed the tests sucked. The revenue projection was weird, partly because Theranos had no revenue, from pharma companies or otherwise, in 2012 or 2013.
Grossman says that Holmes, former CEO of Theranos, and her co-defendant, Sunny Balwani, who is being tried separately, told him Theranos tests took only four hours to produce a result. In a slide deck, a graphic specifically pointed out the consistency of Theranos’ vitamin D tests — which was one of the tests whistleblower Erika Cheung had worried wasn’t accurate.
And Holmes did most of the talking in their meetings, Grossman testified. (This matched other investor testimony.) That’s bad news for Holmes’ defense, which has been trying to argue that Holmes naively trusted Balwani and that he was the real villain at Theranos. 
Grossman followed up after the meeting with a long list of due diligence questions. He wanted to know, for instance, what the limitations on the tech were. Holmes and Balwani were “emphatic” that their devices were labs shrunk down to the size of a box, he said. Holmes was “very clear that this technology was not a point-of-care test, not a point-of-care testing platform, it was a miniaturized lab,” he said.
That was very exciting — a hugely disruptive technology. Grossman was told that the entire Phoenix market for Theranos could be supported in a lab of 200 square feet; a competitor lab at Quest Diagnostics, which he’d toured, was hundreds of thousands of square feet.
Balwani was squirrely when Grossman wanted to speak to representatives from Walgreens
Throughout the course of the meetings and email exchanges, neither Holmes nor Balwani mentioned that the Theranos technology was used for just a handful of tests. No one mentioned that they used third-party equipment.
The Walgreens deal also bolstered Grossman’s confidence, though Balwani was squirrely when Grossman wanted to speak to representatives from Walgreens. He told Grossman that it wouldn’t look good and he was “uncomfortable with that,” Grossman testified. 
He was also told that there was a deal with UnitedHealthcare, which suggested legitimacy to Grossman. He wanted to talk with them about the Theranos partnership. “We highly value their ability to vet technology and new companies,” Grossman said. But Balwani nixed that idea, too.
Those denials “forced us to rely on the representations they made to us,” Grossman said.
Grossman went and talked to Channing Robertson, a Stanford professor who’d helped Holmes start Theranos. Robertson told Grossman there was no technical risk associated with the company — the only risk was making sure consumers had a good experience. He also said that the technology was so advanced that even if it fell into the hands of competitors, it would take them years to catch up.
Grossman’s blood test gave us a peek behind the curtain at Theranos
Grossman toured the HQ. He toured the clinical lab, where he saw only Theranos analyzers and none of the modified third-party devices the company was actually using. He toured the manufacturing facility. He even went to a Palo Alto Walgreens to get his blood drawn — a venous draw, one that took more than a day to get results. Balwani told Grossman that was because his doctor ordered an unusual test.
Grossman’s blood test gave us a peek behind the curtain at Theranos. The prosecution showed an email to Theranos whistleblower Adam Rosendorff and some other workers in Theranos’ lab, asking them to speed up work on a “VIP” test — Grossman’s. “This is on the Immulite, right?” an employee replied, referencing a competitor’s machine. That was confirmed by another employee. (Grossman said in court that if he’d known competitors’ devices were being used, he would have asked even more questions of Theranos.)
So Grossman decided to invest. Sure, Theranos had been weirdly secretive and security-focused when he’d visited, but Grossman shrugged that off. Yes, it was odd that he’d been discouraged from talking to Theranos’ partners, but he shrugged that off too — hadn’t a Stanford professor told him the tech was amazing? Wasn’t Walgreens touting it in their quarterly earnings calls?
And now, of course, one of his investments underpins a count of wire fraud against Holmes.

The latest trailer for Spider-Man: No Way Home has arrived, bringing with it some big surprises for Spider-Man’s latest MCU outing. 
If you’re trying to go into the latest adventure of the web-slinging hero without spoilers, you’ll probably want to skip hitting play here (or reading the rest of this post).
Spoilers for Spider-Man: Far From Home and Spider-Man: No Way Home below: 
As revealed in the first trailer, No Way Home picks up right where Far From Home left off: with Peter Parker’s secret identity as Spider-Man revealed to the world, something that Peter tries to enlist Doctor Strange’s (Benedict Cumberbatch) assistance in rectifying. Magical multiverse hijinks ensue.
Things appear to go wrong, though, resulting in appearances from a plethora of Spidey rogues from Sony’s past Spider-Man franchises (before the MCU was ever around), including Spider-Man’s Green Goblin (Willem Dafoe), Spider-Man 2’s Doctor Octopus (Alfred Molina), and The Amazing Spider-Man 2’s Electro (Jamie Foxx). 
Spider-Man: No Way Home hits theaters on December 17th.

Apple told The Verge last week that it would be rolling out a software update to iPhone 13 devices to make it easier to replace their screens without breaking Face ID, but it didn’t specify when that update might arrive. Fortunately, we may not have to wait long, as repair experts say they have successfully completed the easier screen swaps on iPhone 13 handsets running the iOS 15.2 beta.
Before the update, keeping Face ID working after swapping the screens also required moving over a microcontroller from the original phone to the new one. Doing so is a complex process, and having to do it for every iPhone 13 that needs a new screen could make things difficult for indie repair shops. (You can read all about the issue in an article from iFixit.) But on an iPhone 13 loaded with the iOS 15.2 beta, iCorrect says Face ID still worked after a screen swap and without having to bring over the microcontroller. 

Although Face ID still works, the screen-swapped iPhone 13 does show an “Important Display Message” warning that the device can’t verify is the screen is a “genuine Apple part” — even though iCorrect says the screen actually is a genuine part. This isn’t entirely out of the norm for Apple, though, which shows similar warnings on some iPhones following battery replacements from unauthorized repair shops.
Apple didn’t reply when we asked if it could confirm that iOS 15.2 is the version that will allow for the easier screen replacements when it’s released publicly. But given that the less-intensive screen swaps appear to work on the beta, it seems likely they will work in the final release.

Paramount Plus is grabbing back its Star Trek: Discovery series from Netflix, where it’s been streaming to international viewers for three seasons.
The series lived on Paramount Plus (fka CBS All Access) for US viewers and on Canada’s CTV Sci-Fi Channel, but the move will bring old and future seasons of the series under a single streaming umbrella for folks outside of those regions. Season 4 of Discovery had previously been set to debut on Paramount Plus in the US, CTV Sci-Fi Channel, and on Netflix elsewhere on November 18th. 
The show will leave Netflix at 12AM PT in regions where it had previously been available to stream. (It will remain on Bell Media’s CTV Sci-Fi Channel and stream on the Crave in Canada.) All seasons of the show will become available to international viewers in 2022, the company confirmed to The Verge. Deadline earlier reported the news.


To our international #StarTrekDiscovery fans... pic.twitter.com/QATQzHxepK— Star Trek on Paramount+ (@StarTrekOnPPlus) November 16, 2021



The plan to grab back some of its IP comes as the company focuses on a wider international expansion heading into next year.
“As we rapidly expand our global streaming footprint, we are bringing more of our top titles home to ViacomCBS for Paramount+ markets around the world,” Kelly Day, president of streaming for ViacomCBS Networks International, said in a statement. “We have a strong global and local content pipeline that positions us for success across our regions, and repatriating beloved series like Star Trek: Discovery for Paramount+ is another step forward as we bring fans more must-watch series worldwide.”
According to the company, Star Trek: Discovery will become available internationally to Paramount Plus subscribers in 2022 in regions where the service is currently available. Paramount Plus is currently available in 25 countries but says it plans to expand to 45 markets by the end of next year. 
Uniting — for the most part — its Discovery series in a single hub for international audiences doesn’t quite fix the fractured state of the sprawling Star Trek library, however. Star Trek: Picard will still be on Amazon for streamers outside Canada and the US. As stated, Star Trek: Discovery will continue to stream on non-Paramount Plus channels in Canada. And lastly, Star Trek: Lower Decks will stay on Amazon outside of Latin America, Canada, and the US.

Nvidia’s $40 billion proposed acquisition of the Brtish chip designer, Arm, will undergo an even more in-depth investigation by the UK’s Competition and Markets Authority (CMA), as reported by CNBC. A notice on the UK government’s website confirms that Nadine Dorries, the UK’s Secretary of State for Digital, Culture, Media, and Sport, ordered the CMA to launch a Phase 2 investigation. The probe will take place over a 24-week period and will scrutinize potential national security risks and competition concerns associated with the acquisition.
The CMA completed its Phase 1 probe in August — which you can now read in its entirety as a PDF — with CMA’s chief executive Andrea Coscelli commenting that “NVIDIA controlling Arm could create real problems for NVIDIA’s rivals by limiting their access to key technologies.” It recommended a Phase 2 investigation at the time, so Dorries’ choice to take the next steps doesn’t come as much of a shock.
Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang initially gave its acquisition of ARM a March 2022 deadline
In addition to the CMA, the EU launched its own investigation into the acquisition late last month, on the account that acquiring Arm may give Nvidia an unfair edge. This will likely drag out the deal even more, and that doesn’t include the possible investigations that may be conducted by the US and China.
Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang initially gave the company’s acquisition of Arm a March 2022 deadline, but with regulators closely scrutinizing the deal, he admitted that it may take much longer. Arm was bought out by the Japanese company SoftBank in 2016 in a deal valued at $31 billion. The chip designer is considered neutral territory in the world of tech, as it licenses out schematics to tech giants such as Samsung, Apple, and Qualcomm, which then manufacture and install the hardware in their own devices. 
Since Nvidia actively competes with many of Arm’s customers, regulators worry that Nvidia may put other companies at a disadvantage, possibly preventing Arm from designing more powerful chips for Nvidia’s competitors. Microsoft, Google, and Qualcomm possess the same fear — Nvidia has the power to choose how Arm makes designs, what companies it sells them to, and at what price.
Not only could an anti-competitive outcome like this affect Nvidia’s competitors, but it would also impact consumers. The chip shortage has already made it difficult to buy certain items, like the PS5, Xbox Series X / S, and new graphics cards, and if Nvidia decides to use Arm to give itself special treatment, the chips that are available might have worse performance or cost more than they already do.

Uber is bringing back shared rides with a new name: UberX Share. The revamped carpooling product is available first as a pilot in Miami.
Uber suspended its Uber Pool carpooling feature in March 2020 in response to the COVID-19 pandemic, but the company promised earlier this month that it planned to bring shared rides back. Uber prices have gone way up recently, so a carpooling option allows the company to offer cheaper costs that could make taking an Uber a more popular transportation option.
On an UberX Share ride, you’ll only ride with one other person (in addition to the driver) during your trip. Everyone in the car must wear a mask, even if they are all vaccinated. UberX Share rides will have a 5 percent discount, and you’ll get Uber Cash if another person is picked up during your trip.


609 days later, shared rides are back in the US—and better than beforeWe’ve built a new experience that’s more efficient and sustainable for riders, drivers, and the cities we serveUberX Share starts piloting in Miami today! pic.twitter.com/P1HM7htO9a— Andrew Macdonald (@andrewgordonmac) November 16, 2021



It’s unclear when UberX Share might expand, and the company said Tuesday it didn’t have anything additional to share about future rollout plans to other cities.
Uber rival Lyft brought back shared rides in July after also suspending the feature in March 2020. Similar to Uber, only one other rider can join, and everyone must wear a mask. Lyft’s shared rides launched in Chicago, Denver, and Philadelphia.

On Tuesday, the Senate confirmed Google critic and competition lawyer Jonathan Kanter to lead the Justice Department’s antitrust division, marking yet another progressive win in antitrust enforcement under the Biden administration.
Kanter has a long history representing tech companies, like Yelp and Microsoft, in lawsuits accusing Google of anti-competitive behavior. Now that he’s been confirmed, Kanter will lead several Justice Department competition cases against big tech, including a monopoly lawsuit against Google alleging that the company maintains an illegal monopoly in the digital ads market. 
“Throughout his career, Kanter has [sic] been a leading advocate and expert in the effort to promote strong and meaningful antitrust enforcement and competition policy,” the White House said in a statement over the summer. 
Kanter is just the latest progressive favorite confirmed to lead the federal government’s crackdown on tech companies
Kanter is just the latest progressive favorite confirmed to lead the federal government’s crackdown on tech companies like Facebook and Google. In June, the Senate confirmed Lina Khan to chair the Federal Trade Commission. Khan first rose to prominence as a law student after authoring a 2017 paper titled “Amazon’s Antitrust Paradox.” The paper argued that the government needs new antitrust laws to prevent anti-competitive conduct in the tech industry. 
The FTC has the authority to sue companies for anti-competitive behavior, and the agency is currently enmeshed in litigation against Facebook and Google. Kanter aligns closely with Khan and progressive antitrust scholar Tim Wu, who currently sits on the National Economic Council. 
Kanter’s history of leading lawsuits against big tech companies in the past has led to calls from critics for him to recuse himself from the DOJ’s active antitrust cases against Google. 
“Given that Kanter is famous for representing Microsoft and Yelp and attacking Google, Kanter will raise questions about his ability to impartially enforce the law against tech businesses, just like FTC Chair Khan,” said NetChoice vice president and general counsel Carl Szabo in a statement this summer.



Universal Music Group is modifying its contracts to extend the period in which an artist can rerecord their music, The Wall Street Journal reported. The move comes after the success of Taylor Swift’s rerecorded albums and the music label’s effort to gain more rights from artists who decide to rerecord their work.
Before, a standard contract stated that an artist couldn’t rerecord their work five years after their last delivered recording or two years after the end of their contract term, whichever is later. The new format increases the time after recording to seven years and the time after a contract term to five years, WSJ says. 
Swift owns the music composition rights to her music. Her first label, Big Machine Records, sold the rights to her master recordings (the final version we hear) to an investment firm in 2019. Her masters were reportedly later sold to an investment fund for over $300 million in 2020, which was also around the time she was free to rerecord her music. So far, she has rerecorded and released her 2008 album Fearless and her 2012 album Red, with “(Taylor’s Version)” in the album title to distinguish ownership. 
Music labels have gradually been losing their grip on their power and influence on the music industry with the rise of music streaming platforms like Apple Music and Spotify. One impact of music streaming platforms in the industry is a change in the way business is done because artists can release and promote their own work without the help of a label.
This change will prevent an artist from creating competition during the recording’s biggest monetization period within the first 10 years, the WSJ says. 
Universal’s change is likely to set a standard for other recording companies. With artists who are wanting to start out, this is another consideration for how they interact with labels and their work. 

Four years after Ford was reportedly considering buying Lucid Motors, the EV startup is now worth more than the Detroit automaker. Lucid Motors’ market capitalization passed Ford’s on Tuesday, one day after the startup reported its first quarterly financial results as a publicly traded company and just a few weeks after it started shipping its luxury electric sedan, the Air.
Lucid Motors has a comparatively long history for an EV startup as it was founded in 2007 as a battery company called Atieva. But after a 2016 pivot to making an electric sedan, Lucid Motors found itself running out of money at a time when others were starting to take off. One of the options it turned to was a potential Ford acquisition. From a July 2017 report in Recode:
Lucid began its fourth round of institutional fundraising earlier this year, with the help of investment bank Morgan Stanley. Ford’s acquisition offer came as a surprise, said a source close to Lucid: “The bank approached Ford to see if they wanted to participate in the Series D. They came back and said they wanted to acquire.”
That never happened, though, and Lucid Motors ultimately treaded water until striking a massive deal with Saudi Arabia, which now owns a majority of the startup. Ford, for its part, was able to work out a pretty sizable investment of its own into Rivian — a deal it swiped out from under rival General Motors.
In the years since, Lucid Motors spent billions of dollars of Saudi Arabia’s money getting the Air EV ready for production. The startup revealed Monday that it has lost more than $1.5 billion this year alone in the mad dash to start shipping the Air to customers and has spent some $5 billion across its lifetime.  
The stock market — which has been extremely hot on electric vehicle startups lately — rewarded that effort Tuesday, pushing Lucid Motors’ valuation to nearly $90 billion. Ford finished the day at about $79 billion.
Lucid Motors still has a lot of work ahead. The startup is still building out its new factory in Casa Grande, Arizona, and says it plans to build 20,000 Air sedans in 2022 before adding an electric SUV to its lineup at the end of the following year. It will be challenging work, to be sure. Today, at least, the market treated that to-do list as pretty much pure upside.

Instagram is asking some users to provide a video selfie showing multiple angles of their face to verify that they’re a real person, according to screenshots posted to Twitter by social media consultant Matt Navarra. The social network has long struggled with bot accounts, which can leave spam messages, harass people, or be used to artificially inflate like or follower counts. A followup tweet from Meta-owned Instagram says it’s asking suspicious accounts to verify they’re human, not bots.
According to XDA Developers, the company started testing the feature last year but ran into technical issues — Instagram says it “introduced video selfies more than a year ago.” Multiple users have recently reported being asked to take a video selfie to verify their existing accounts. 


Instagram is now using video selfies to confirm users identityMeta promises not to collect biometric data. pic.twitter.com/FNT2AdW8H2— Matt Navarra (@MattNavarra) November 15, 2021



Another writer on Twitter, Bettina Makalintal, posted a screenshot of the help screen for the step where you actually take the video selfie — it reiterates that it’s looking at “all angles of your face” to prove that you’re a real person and shows that the verification screen is showing up for multiple people.


why the fuck is instagram making me take a video selfie in order to access my account pic.twitter.com/BxSW0Bnodt— tender juicy tofu pup (@bettinamak) November 15, 2021



I made several attempts at setting up a sketchy-looking Instagram account and was never presented with the video challenge. Instagram posted on Twitter that accounts that had suspicious behavior (such as quickly following a ton of accounts) could be asked to do a video selfie. The company also reiterated that the feature doesn’t use facial recognition, and said that Instagram teams review the videos. Instagram says that “one of the ways” video selfies are used is to help curtail bots, leaving the door open for other uses.


One of the ways we use video selfies is when we think an account could be a bot. For example, if the account likes lots of posts or follows a ton of accounts in a matter of seconds, video selfies help us determine if there's a real person behind the account or not.— Instagram Comms (@InstagramComms) November 17, 2021



The move may surprise some, given Meta’s recent announcement that it would be shutting down one of its Face Recognition features. As the company has since reiterated, though, it was only shutting down a specific Facebook feature, not Meta’s use of facial recognition as a whole. Nevertheless, the message from Instagram is that the video selfie feature won’t use face recognition at all and that the video will be deleted after 30 days.
Meta’s promise to not store or post the data may not reassure some users who are already distrustful of Meta / Facebook. People may remember the time when a bug let attackers access Instagram users’ supposedly private birthday info (which you’ll soon be required to provide to use the app) with just a DM. Of course, Instagram hadn’t promised to delete that birthday info like it says it’ll do with the video selfie, but it’d be hard to blame people (especially minors or those who want to stay anonymous) for feeling uncomfortable with providing that data if they’re asked.
Updated November 17th, 1:20AM ET: Added information tweeted by the Instagram Comms account and updated the headline.
Updated November 18th, 12:11PM ET: Clarified Instagram’s timeline for video selfies being released, and how it says they’re used.

Logitech has announced the G303 wireless gaming mouse. It’s a little more than just a cordless version of the G303 Daedalus mouse that the company released several years ago. Both a prolific streamer and pro gamer, Michael “Shroud” Grzesiek seemingly got to call the shots for how this revised version would look and feel — even down to requiring that it charged via USB-C. I doubt that he had any input on the price, though. It costs $129.99.
Logitech says that in this collaboration, it was decided by Shroud that the mouse should have “subtle markings approximating Shroud’s finger grip positions, translucent side panels to allow a window into the technology that Shroud wanted to see, and USB-C connections.”
To me, the overall shape of the newer mouse looks nearly identical to the older G303 mouse, save for a few tweaks. Logitech says it repositioned side buttons, and on the inside, it changed the switch location. I think the most noticeable difference is the lack of RGB lighting (there’s just a battery indicator light near the scroll wheel). Logitech has been trending toward more subtle designs for its mice recently, and I’m all for it.










Underneath the side buttons, the G303 transitions to translucent plastic.
Logitech


The G303 wireless mouse is lightweight at 75 grams, though if you’re looking for the most feather-light wireless mouse under Logitech’s umbrella, check out the G Pro X Superlight, which weighs around 63 grams. Logitech claims that this new G303 model can last up to 145 hours per charge.
Included in the box along with the mouse is a USB-C to USB-A cable that’s used for charging the G303, as well as serving as an extender for the USB-A dongle. Also in the box is a new USB-A to USB-C converter that allows the cable to interface with the dongle. The G303 Shroud Edition, as it’s being referred to, is available now through Logitech G’s site for $129.99. I’ll be testing it more in the coming weeks for an upcoming update to our best gaming mice buying guide, so stay tuned for that. 

Brave has announced that its web browser now includes a native cryptocurrency wallet, replacing the previous one that was based on the MetaMask wallet extension. With it, most users should have their blockchain needs covered (depending on what blockchain they use, more on that in a second): they’ll be able to buy, sell, and trade cryptocurrencies like Ethereum, store their NFTs, keep track of how much coins are selling for, and experience the magic of Web3, or websites that have built-in blockchain features. 
Brave also says that its built-in wallet will take up fewer CPU resources compared to extension-based ones (like the aforementioned MetaMask) and be less susceptible to phishing or attempts to steal NFTs.
The wallet seems to work mainly with the Ethereum or Ethereum-based blockchains (ones that support EVM, like Polygon, or Layer 2 systems designed to make transactions significantly faster). Currently, that means that you’re not able to buy some of the other popular cryptocurrencies from within the wallet, like Dogecoin or Bitcoin (though you can buy wrapped Bitcoin, which is basically an Ethereum token whose value is pinned to Bitcoin’s). But hey, given that a lot of NFTs are stored on Ethereum, you can at least use Brave Wallet to store those. Brave also says that it’s in the process of adding support for Bitcoin and other blockchains.










Brave’s homescreen contains several crypto links out of the box. It’s not a surprise it’s added a wallet.


Brave has been paying attention to the blockchain, and websites built on it, for quite a while. Years ago it started recommending that people install MetaMask if they found themselves on a website that could connect to the blockchain to provide extra functionality (usually related to payments). Now, Brave is finally getting built-in support for these Web3 sites (or “dapps,” a portmanteau of “decentralized apps” and a word I desperately hope to never hear said out loud in real life). It also recently added support for the decentralized tech that some hope will prevent NFTs from disappearing if an image-hosting site goes down. 
Brave says that the wallet feature will currently be limited to its desktop browser, but that it hopes to add it to its Android and iOS versions (though it notes that iPhone users likely won’t be able to use blockchain-based websites on release). It’s always possible Brave will run into trouble with Apple’s App Review, though the company currently doesn’t seem to be aggressively against crypto — MetaMask has an iOS app, and Tim Cook has said that he’s invested in cryptocurrency and called NFTs “interesting.”
Given that Brave has paid users in blockchain tokens since it launched (which, obviously, can be stored in the Brave Wallet), it makes sense that it’s adding more and more features for people interested in crypto. And it’s likely that a good portion of Brave users will enjoy a crypto wallet, based on the browser’s long-running support for blockchain currencies and applications — as long as they’re willing to import their crypto assets, something that Brave’s tool does support for other self-custody or certain hardware wallets.
Updated November 16th, 6:05PM ET: Added information from Brave about future support for Bitcoin and non-Ethereum blockchains.

Hours after The Wall Street Journal published a shocking report alleging Activision Blizzard CEO Bobby Kotick was aware of sexual misconduct allegations at the company, the company’s board of directors posted a statement voicing its support of the CEO.
The board’s language shows no indication that Kotick is in danger of losing his job. “The Board remains confident in Bobby Kotick’s leadership, commitment and ability to achieve these goals,” the statement concludes.
Here is the board of directors’ statement in full:

The Activision Blizzard Board remains committed to the goal of making Activision Blizzard the most welcoming and inclusive company in the industry. Under Bobby Kotick’s leadership the Company is already implementing industry leading changes including a zero tolerance harassment policy, a dedication to achieving significant increases to the percentages of women and non-binary people in our workforce and significant internal and external investments to accelerate opportunities for diverse talent. The Board remains confident that Bobby Kotick appropriately addressed workplace issues brought to his attention.
The goals we have set for ourselves are both critical and ambitious. The Board remains confident in Bobby Kotick’s leadership, commitment and ability to achieve these goals.

The Journal’s report also alleged that Kotick harassed one of his assistants more than a decade ago, which included a death threat. Kotick settled the matter out of court, according to the report.
The statement arrives shortly after A Better ABK, an advocacy group formed by employees, said that it would “not be silenced until Bobby Kotick has been replaced as CEO” and that it would be staging a walkout on Tuesday.

After announcing last month that it will begin to shift the way it ranks its top titles, Netflix today is launching a new website where it will share those metrics every week.
During its earnings call in October, the company said it would shift away from its longtime two-minute viewing time metric to instead rank titles by total number of hours viewed. The new weekly Top 10 hub will update every Tuesday with lists of its top films and series in the following categories: Films (English), Films (Non-English), TV (English), and TV (Non-English). Each list will display the number of hours each top-ranking TV show or movie was watched.










Image: Netflix


Each list will track the success of Netflix content during the prior Monday through Sunday period before being published Tuesday. According to the company, the lists will count seasons of series as separate titles, but it will count repeated watches within a season toward that season’s overall watch hours, for example, if you watch a scene in a single episode repeatedly.
All content on Netflix’s app is eligible to appear on these lists, including both its original and licensed shows and movies. The company will also disclose its most popular shows and movies of all time for the aforementioned four categories. As a caveat, however, the company said its figures are “rounded to 10,000 to account for any fluctuations in Internet connectivity around the world.” Titles are ranked based on their first 28 days on the service.










Image: Netflix


While the data will shift which titles rank highest, as the company demonstrated in slides it shared during Code 2021 this year, Netflix said in a letter to shareholders last month that it believes “engagement as measured by hours viewed is a slightly better indicator of the overall success of our titles and member satisfaction.” The company said the move is part of an initiative for greater transparency around viewing data.
The new metric will also more closely align Netflix with other viewing metrics, the company said last month, and will give “proper credit to rewatching.”

The Biden administration’s effort to blanket the country in half a million new EV chargers in the next half-decade got $7.5 billion in funding Monday when the president signed the $1.2 trillion infrastructure bill into law. But while those chargers will be necessary as electric vehicle sales continue to climb, Biden’s plan will require institutional — and personal — patience.
Not only will it simply take a while to build out that many chargers, but the majority of what gets built will likely be of the “Level 2” variety, which can replenish about 25 miles of battery capacity per hour. That means EV buyers in the US will have to get used to the idea of sipping energy while they’re out and about and doing most of their charging at home.
“The use case we think will be the most frequent is you’re doing something else in your life — you’re at the grocery store, or the movies, or church — and you’re just going to plug in there,” says Joe Britton, the executive director of the Zero Emission Transportation Association. “[That’s] instead of the gas station model, which is like, ‘Oh shoot, I’m on empty, I need to go and get all the way to full immediately.’” 
This is, by all accounts, how most current EV owners handle charging. But it could prove to be an obstacle for some buyers in our petrol-centric society. At least one study already found that the top reason causing EV owners to switch back to a gas-powered car was the inconvenience of charging. But another shows that the percentage of people worrying about a lack of charging is dropping.
The infrastructure bill does allow for funding to go to new DC Fast charging stations. (Same with hydrogen fueling stations.) But Level 2 chargers are far cheaper to build and install, meaning the administration can get more of them for the same amount of money. Level 2 chargers only cost a few thousand dollars to get in the ground, while faster chargers can be 50 to 100 times as expensive.


    Related
  
EV charging in the US is broken — can Joe Biden fix it?

Focusing on Level 2 chargers makes it possible for them to become a ubiquitous technology, Britton says. In turn, that will make it easier for people to charge while running errands or at work since there will (hopefully) be less competition for a plug.
Building out hundreds of thousands of Level 2 chargers should also make finding one feel less like a burden. Many current chargers are scattered in dark corners of hotel parking lots, often with just a handful of hookups. Making them easier to find will help encourage people to top up their cars’ battery packs while on the go, Britton says.
The language of the infrastructure bill related to EV charging is pretty broad, but it at least is focused on making these new chargers easy to access. They must be built in publicly accessible locations like parks, shopping centers, multiunit housing structures, government-owned buildings, or at transit hubs. They can be installed on private property but only if they’re accessible for a minimum amount of time per week. 
Moreover, companies applying for funding to build out more chargers can’t use a proprietary plug and have to work with local governments to figure out a long-term maintenance plan so the stations aren’t abandoned.
It’s hard to know what exact shape this world of new chargers will look like until companies start requesting funds and local governments start doling them out. But while it’s not as ambitious a commitment as the $15 billion Biden originally wanted for EV charging infrastructure, people like Britton and Jonathan Levy, the chief commercial officer of EVgo, see it as a crucial step.
“The specifics on the numbers aren’t as important as the direction” things are going, Levy said in an interview with The Verge. “What we need from the tailwinds of policy is the support to accelerate ahead of full EV adoption.”



The Food and Drug Administration authorized a virtual reality system as a prescription treatment for chronic back pain, the agency announced today. The therapy, called EaseVRx, joins the short list of digital therapeutics cleared by the agency over the past few years.  
EaseVRx includes a VR headset and a device that amplifies the sound of the user’s breath to assist in breathing exercises. It uses principles from cognitive behavior therapy, which aims to help people recognize and understand various thought patterns and emotions. The program addresses pain through relaxation, distraction, and improved awareness of internal signals, the FDA said in its statement. 
The FDA authorized EaseVRx based on data from an eight-week study in 179 people with low back pain that had lasted six months or longer. Half used the EaseVRx program and half participated in another, two-dimensional virtual reality program that did not use cognitive behavioral therapy methods. Around two-thirds of participants using EaseVRx said they had more than 30 percent reduction in pain, while only 41 percent of the control group had a similar reduction. The reduced pain lasted for up to three months after the study for people in the EaseVRx group but not for the control group. 
The VR system could be an alternative option to opioid medications for back pain, Christopher Loftus, acting director of the Office of Neurological and Physical Medicine Devices at the FDA, said in a statement. Research shows that psychological approaches can be effective treatments for chronic pain for some people, and proponents stress that targeting those components to pain doesn’t mean the pain is any less real. Still, cognitive behavioral therapy for pain is sometimes controversial and efforts to integrate it into standard care have been met with worries that it’ll be used as an excuse to pull people off needed medications. 
EaseVRx was developed by the company AppliedVR, which is also testing its platform as a treatment for fibromyalgia pain, burn pains, or pain during childbirth. 
Its clearance for back pain comes around a month after the FDA approved another VR treatment, used to treat a visual disorder in children. The agency has also cleared a prescription video game called EndeavorRx to treat ADHD in kids between eight and 12 years old.

If you’re tired of long shipping times, Samsung is now partnering with Best Buy to offer a “Get It Today” pickup option. This lets you make a purchase on Samsung’s online store and then pick it up for free within just a few hours at your local Best Buy. 










The “Get It Today” option on Samsung’s website lets you choose a Best Buy store for pickup.﻿


Select Samsung phones, tablets, laptops, smartwatches, and portable audio devices are all eligible for same-day pickup at Best Buy. Once you’re at the checkout, just select “Get It Today” from the pickup / delivery options, and then choose the nearest Best Buy location. After you enter your payment information, just keep in mind that the shipping option defaults to home delivery for some reason, so you’ll have to change that back to your preferred Best Buy store.
The service sort of acts like a Best Buy availability tracker, considering that the devices are already in the Best Buy locations where you pick them up. So, you might be thinking: why not just go to Best Buy and buy the Samsung product there? The only advantage to ordering it directly from Samsung and picking it up in-store is that you can get deals exclusive to Samsung, as well as trade-in discounts, all while getting your order the same day.
It’s also worth noting that while Samsung does provide free same-day delivery to your doorstep, it’s only limited to Dallas and New York City. What would be a little more exciting, though, is if Samsung started offering the same option all across the US. Best Buy already offers same-day delivery everywhere, which — despite not being able to get a Samsung-exclusive discount — might make it a more attractive option for someone who wants the convenience of shipping to their home. Plus, Best Buy offers same-day pickup for any product, including Apple, so Samsung offering the same isn’t that noteworthy. Not to mention, Apple itself also offers express in-store pickup at its stores.
All in all, the “Get It Today” feature only really comes in handy if you want to take advantage of Samsung’s early Black Friday deals or another discount but don’t want to wait for your order to be shipped to your house.


    Related
  
The best early Black Friday deals you can get right now 



Activision Blizzard CEO Bobby Kotick has been aware of sexual misconduct allegations at the company for years and has had his own history of harassment and abusive behavior, according to a bombshell report in The Wall Street Journal.
The report contains many shocking and previously unreported allegations about Activision Blizzard, which has been under intense scrutiny following the state of California’s July lawsuit alleging the company has a culture of “constant sexual harassment.” The problems appear to go all the way to the top, as the new WSJ report contains numerous troubling stories of Kotick’s awareness of problems and of his own behavior.
In one instance, Kotick was aware that a former female employee at an Activision-owned studio alleged she was raped by her male supervisor, according to the WSJ, but Kotick reportedly kept this information from his own board of directors and didn’t tell them about the eventual settlement with the employee. 
Here is one particularly horrifying story about Kotick’s own alleged behavior:
In 2006, one of his assistants complained that he had harassed her, including by threatening in a voice mail to have her killed, according to people familiar with the matter. He settled the matter out of court, the people said.
And another:

In 2007, he was sued by the flight attendant on a private jet he co-owned. The flight attendant claimed the plane’s pilot had sexually harassed her, and, after she complained to the other owner, Mr. Kotick fired her. The defendants denied the allegations. In a separate action related to legal fees in the case, an arbitrator, citing what he said was sworn testimony, wrote that Mr. Kotick told the flight attendant and her attorneys, “I’m going to destroy you.” A spokesman for Mr. Kotick denied that he said that.
In 2008, they settled by paying the attendant $200,000, according to the arbitrator’s decision. A spokesman for Mr. Kotick said he couldn’t have fired her in retaliation for complaining because she never complained directly to him.

The WSJ also reports that Kotick himself was the one who drafted the widely criticized letter that was supposedly written by Activision Blizzard exec Frances Townsend. Townsend, a woman, was publicly shamed and saw calls for her resignation.
In another letter shared publicly shortly after, Kotick apologized for the “Townsend letter,” saying “our initial responses to the issues we face together, and to your concerns, were, quite frankly, tone deaf.” He apparently didn’t see fit to mention that he drafted it in the first place.
A company spokesperson appeared to confirm his involvement with the “Townsend letter” by telling the WSJ that Kotick takes responsibility for and regrets his participation. “Ms. Townsend should not be blamed for this mistake,” the spokesperson said.
In that second Kotick memo, he announced that Activision Blizzard had hired an independent law firm to review the company’s practices — known union-busting law firm WilmerHale. Since then, the state of California has accused Activision Blizzard and WilmerHale of “withholding and suppressing evidence.”
Another shocking revelation from the new WSJ report is about Jen Oneal, who stepped down as co-lead of Blizzard three months after taking the role. She was appointed co-head of the studio in August alongside former Xbox exec Mike Ybarra after previous Blizzard president J. Allen Brack left the company. According to the WSJ, just one month after being appointed, Oneal wrote an email to the company’s legal team saying that she had been sexually harassed while at Activision Blizzard, that she was being paid less than Ybarra, and that she wanted to resign. “I have been tokenized, marginalized, and discriminated against,” Oneal wrote, according to the WSJ.
This summary only scratches the surface of what’s included in the report, which you should read in full.
An Activision Blizzard spokesperson shared this statement in response to The Verge’s questions about the report:
We are disappointed in the Wall Street Journal’s report, which presents a misleading view of Activision Blizzard and our CEO. Instances of sexual misconduct that were brought to his attention were acted upon. The WSJ ignores important changes underway to make this the industry’s most welcoming and inclusive workplace and it fails to account for the efforts of thousands of employees who work hard every day to live up to their – and our - values. The constant desire to be better has always set this company apart. Which is why, at Mr. Kotick’s direction, we have made significant improvements, including a zero-tolerance policy for inappropriate conduct. And it is why we are moving forward with unwavering focus, speed, and resources to continue increasing diversity across our company and industry and to ensure that every employee comes to work feeling valued, safe, respected, and inspired. We will not stop until we have the best workplace for our team.
In a statement to The Verge, WSJ spokesperson Steve Severinghaus said that “nothing in Activision Blizzard’s statement challenges the facts in our reporting.” 
Kotick also pushed back on the WSJ’s report in a video message sent to employees on Tuesday and subsequently shared with the world in the form of a written transcript. While he doesn’t commit to any new changes at the company, he does reiterate that “as I have made clear, we are moving forward with a new zero tolerance policy for inappropriate behavior — and zero means zero. Any reprehensible conduct is simply unacceptable.”
In response, A Better ABK, an advocacy group formed by Activision Blizzard employees, said that it “will not be silenced until Bobby Kotick has been replaced as CEO.” The group says it will be hosting a walkout on Tuesday. Employees also walked out in July.


We have instituted our own Zero Tolerance Policy.  We will not be silenced until Bobby Kotick has been replaced as CEO, and continue to hold our original demand for Third-Party review by an employee-chosen source.  We are staging a Walkout today. We welcome you to join us.— ABetterABK   ABK Workers Alliance (@ABetterABK) November 16, 2021



In October, Kotick took a massive pay cut and said that the company would be waiving forced arbitration for sexual harassment and discrimination claims. The Securities and Exchange Commission subpoenaed the company and many senior execs, including Kotick, in September.
Update November 16th, 3:16PM ET: Added statement from The Wall Street Journal.

Sites and services like Spotify, Discord, Snapchat, and Etsy seem to be recovering after an outage that brought them, and many other sites, down for a little less than an hour on Tuesday. 
The culprit for the outages appears to have been Google Cloud, and the service’s status page still shows a networking issue is currently causing problems resulting in the 404 errors that appeared on affected web pages. An update to the status page posted at 1:17PM ET says “the issue with Cloud Networking is partially resolved,” and it does seem like most services are coming back to life, albeit with some experiencing a few bugs or long loading times. Google’s status page notes that there currently isn’t an ETA on when the problem will be fully fixed.
A peek at DownDetector shows the sprawling impact of the issue, with everything from Pokémon Go to Home Depot experiencing issues. We’ve reached out to some of the affected companies and will update this post as more information becomes available.
Google Cloud Status Dashboard:

Summary: Global: Experiencing Issue with Cloud networking
Description: We are experiencing an issue with Cloud Networking beginning at Tuesday, 2021-11-16 09:53 US/Pacific.
Our engineering team continues to investigate the issue.
We will provide an update by Tuesday, 2021-11-16 10:40 US/Pacific with current details.
We apologize to all who are affected by the disruption.
Diagnosis: Customers may encounter 404 errors when accessing web pages.
Workaround: None at this time.



We’re aware of some issues right now and are checking them out! We’ll keep you posted.— Spotify Status (@SpotifyStatus) November 16, 2021





Rocket League and Rocket League Sideswipe are both experiencing services outages. Matchmaking, Parties, and more may not be available at this time.Updates to follow, and go to https://t.co/FeCnPA9Ksi for more details. pic.twitter.com/lnI0i1WgFl— Rocket League Status (@RL_Status) November 16, 2021



The tracker showed that many of the services started experiencing issues at the same time,  which points to a common provider experiencing issues, rather than something like an ISP disruption or individual sites coincidentally having issues at the same time. Similar to previous outages that came from problems at Fastly or AWS, the reliance of services on other providers can help them offer content at a massive scale, but if there’s a problem, then all of them can go down at once.










Most outage reports are falling after massive spikes.
Image: DownDetector.com


Update November 16th, 1:30M ET: Noted updates from Google Cloud and that services are coming back online.

Microsoft has created a new Media Player app for Windows 11, and it’s beginning to test the app with Windows Insiders in the Dev Channel today. The redesigned Media Player app will support both audio and video, and it includes a design that better matches Windows 11’s UI improvements.
“At the heart of Media Player is a full-featured music library that allows you to quickly browse and play music, as well as create and manage playlists,” explains Dave Grochocki, a senior program manager lead for Microsoft’s Windows inbox apps team. “The update to the new Media Player will replace the Groove Music app.”










The new artist imagery in Media Player.
Image: Microsoft


The playback view in this new Media Player app includes album art or artist imagery, which will appear both in full-screen modes and the mini player option. 
Media Player will also support video, which is usually handled in Windows 10 and Windows 11 in a separate Films & TV app. “All your content in the music and video folders on your PC will appear automatically in your library, but you can also tell Media Player where to look for additional content in app settings,” says Grochocki.










Video is also supported in this Windows 11 Media Player app.
Image: Microsoft


It’s clear this Media Player app is also designed to replace the legacy Windows Media Player app that still exists in Windows 11 today. Microsoft says this legacy app will continue to be available in Windows Tools, but it looks like the new Media Player for Windows 11 will be the primary way to watch video and listen to audio in the operating system soon.
Microsoft is starting to test this new Media Player app with Windows 11 testers in the Dev Channel today, but the company hasn’t committed to a date for when all Windows 11 users will get this new app yet.

You cannot pet a dog in Meta’s new, high-tech virtual reality gloves. But researchers are getting closer.
Meta (formerly Facebook) is known for its high-profile moves into virtual and augmented reality. For seven years, though, it’s been quietly working on one of its most ambitious projects yet: a haptic glove that reproduces sensations like grasping an object or running your hand along a surface. While Meta’s not letting the glove out of its Reality Labs research division, the company is showing it off for the first time today, and it sees the device — alongside other wearable tech — as the future of VR and AR interaction.
At a simplified level, Meta’s haptics prototype is a glove lined with around 15 ridged and inflatable plastic pads known as actuators. The pads are arranged to fit along the wearer’s palm, the underside of their fingers, and their fingertips. The glove also acts as a VR controller. The back features small white markers that let cameras track how the fingers move through space, and it’s got internal sensors that capture how the wearer’s fingers are bending.










When you put on the glove and enter a VR or AR experience, a sophisticated control system adjusts the level of inflation, creating pressure on different parts of your hand. If you’re touching a virtual object with your fingertips, you’ll feel the sensation of that object pressing into your skin. If you’re gripping a virtual item, the long finger actuators will stiffen, creating a sensation of resistance. These sensations work alongside visual and audio cues to produce the illusion of physical touch.
The tech draws on the relatively new field of soft robotics, replacing bulky motors with tiny air valves. Meta has been working on it nearly since it acquired the Oculus VR startup in 2014. It developed its first prototype — one finger with a single actuator — in 2015.
Reality Labs has been working on this prototype for years
One of the first experiences that Reality Labs head Michael Abrash recalls was looking at a virtual plate from inside a VR headset — where a single actuator, combined with the virtual image and the sound of rubbing the rough ceramic, was incredibly convincing. “I saw the plate, and I saw my finger on the plate, and I heard the sound — that kind of scraping sound across it — and I felt the vibration,” he says. “And I will tell you, I was running my finger over a ceramic plate.”
Simulated touch isn’t an entirely new phenomenon. Even combining VR with something as simple as controller vibrations can make people feel more like they’re touching something, and many companies have worked on wearables that either track users’ hands or provide haptic sensation. Some even integrate temperature sensations, which Reality Labs isn’t prioritizing.
But Meta is poised to mass-market haptic gloves in a way other companies can’t. Most haptics device makers sell specialized products for military, industrial, or academic institutions. By contrast, Meta produces the dominant consumer-oriented Quest VR system and is putting billions of dollars toward building a “metaverse” that integrates VR and AR. If it launches a haptic glove system, Meta can guarantee the system will work on the Quest and encourage app developers to use it.
Reality Labs imagines gloves being one of multiple controller methods for future glasses and headsets, alongside more lightweight solutions built on electromyography or EMG — a system that reads nerve signals on your arm and translates them into digital input. Meta acquired EMG wristband company CTRL-Labs in 2019, and the EMG team works separately from the haptic design team, although the two technologies could easily overlap. 
“[Doug] Engelbart and Xerox PARC are the only time that fundamentally the way we interact with the digital world has ever changed,” Abrash says — referring to the invention of the mouse and the Alto desktop computer design in the 1970s, something that helped set the course of modern personal computing. “AR glasses are going to require that to happen. You’re not going to walk around with a keyboard and mouse. You’re not going to be taking out your phone to interact with it.” For some tasks, you might want a simple wristband. For others, you’d want fuller tactile sensations.
There are still many barriers to producing consumer-ready haptic gloves, though.
“With garments in general, we expect them to be washable”
On one hand, the team wants to dramatically increase glove actuator density, going from tens to hundreds or even thousands within a few years. Right now, the gloves can offer a sense of objects’ contours, but not fine distinctions between surfaces — it relies instead on the suggestive power of audio and images. “You could pet a dog, but you wouldn’t feel the texture,” says Reality Labs engineer Katherine Healy. “You need high-density actuation to be able to really get that sensation, and this glove does not do that.” Meta might not be prioritizing something as specific as fur, but it wants to produce more broadly high-quality sensation.
On the other hand — or more literally, the same hand — the gloves need a dramatic size reduction. Meta’s prototype is svelter than something like a ‘90s Nintendo Power Glove, but that’s not saying much. Healy says the device needs to be light enough that people feel like they can normally interact with the real world as well as the virtual one, and it needs to go fully wireless, rather than relying on a tether like it does now.










To make things even more complicated, haptic gloves need to fit precisely against wearers’ skin. That could require designing differently fitting versions for each buyer, possibly through a process like 3D knitting, which can produce an object of clothing from a custom-sized digital design. Then there are practical questions like how to clean a high-tech glove — right now, it’s carefully wiped down with alcohol. “With garments in general, we expect them to be washable,” says Healy. “We would love to be able to create a glove that could be washed. How? We don’t know yet. But that’s part of our vision.”
If the gloves are commercialized, they’ll face the same privacy and security challenges as other wearables that collect biometric information. Abrash compares using technology like EMG wristbands to typing on a keyboard, something that’s rarely described as a potential threat. But wearable technology can analyze people’s physical motion at a fine level, while even basic typing patterns can predict the onset of diseases like Parkinson’s. Meta will need to establish policies governing how much of that data leaves users’ devices and who else has access to it.
“There’s a new physics where nothing is solid on a large scale”
For now, the team is just trying to work out how real is real enough for VR touch. “One of the interesting things about haptic gloves is that obviously we can’t reproduce reality exactly, which is different from audiovisual stuff,” says Abrash. A super-dense screen could be almost distinguishable from a real image, and a sound wave could capture the sensation of hearing somebody speak. But Meta can’t realistically make a glove that will stop your hand from going through a virtual table. Instead, it has to find the point where you’ll suspend disbelief and accept that the table is there, even if it objectively feels more like jello than hard wood. “There’s a new physics where nothing is solid on a large scale.”
And as for the dog? “It seems likely to me that if the haptic gloves work out, you’ll be able to pet a dog, but it will be a virtual dog and it will be a slightly different experience,” says Abrash. “But basically — emotionally, experientially — it will feel as real.”

Microsoft started testing x64 emulation for Windows 10 on Arm nearly a year ago, but the company is now limiting the feature to Windows 11. The planned feature allows x64 apps that haven’t been compiled for Arm-powered machines to run, allowing devices like the Surface Pro X to access even more apps.
“x64 emulation for Windows is now generally available in Windows 11,” reads an update to a Microsoft blog post today. “For those interested in experiencing this, a PC running Windows 11 on Arm is required.”
That means if you were testing the feature on Windows 10, it’s no longer going to ship in any future operating system updates. You’ll need to upgrade a device like a Surface Pro X to Windows 11, instead.
Microsoft says it’s still committed to “supporting customers on Windows 10 on Arm through October 14, 2025,” but the lack of x64 app emulation will certainly force many on Qualcomm-powered hardware over to Windows 11.
Microsoft hasn’t detailed why it’s decided to drop x64 emulation on Windows 10 on Arm, but the company is also announcing it’s accelerating the rollout of Windows 11 faster than the company previously anticipated. That means even more devices will be eligible for the free upgrade, and hopefully more Arm-powered ones.

Microsoft says it’s planning to update Windows 10 annually with any future feature updates. Starting today, Microsoft is releasing the Windows 10 November 2021 update, and the next major update after that will be available later in 2022. This update cadence matches the same used by Windows 11, which will also introduce new features on an annual basis.
“We will transition to a new Windows 10 release cadence to align with the Windows 11 cadence, targeting annual feature update releases,” explains John Cable, Microsoft’s head of Windows servicing and delivery. “The next Windows 10 feature update is slated for the second half of 2022.”
Microsoft’s commitment to future Windows 10 feature updates comes after the company was quiet about its plans during the Windows 11 unveiling earlier this year. It’s still not clear what Microsoft will bring to Windows 10 in the future, though. The November 2021 update is very minor, with the only standout feature for users being GPU compute support in the Windows Subsystem for Linux (WSL). Microsoft has also already started rolling out the new Microsoft Store to Windows 10 devices earlier this month.
Most of Microsoft’s future Windows plans are understandably for Windows 11, but the company will support at least one version of Windows 10 until October 14th, 2025. We could see two or maybe three feature updates to Windows 10 until its end of support date, but they’re not likely to be significant ones anymore.
Microsoft is also accelerating its rollout of Windows 11 today. “Based on the positive rollout update experience and user feedback we have seen to date, we are advancing the pace of the rollout faster than we previously anticipated, and now making the Windows 11 upgrade more broadly available to eligible Windows 10 devices,” says Cable.

Today, Instagram is officially launching its Badges feature, which gives viewers a way to pay and support creators on Instagram Live. Although the feature has been in testing for around a year and a half on an invite-only basis, starting today Instagram will allow any eligible creators on the platform to apply for the feature. Once accepted, viewers will be able to purchase “Badges” during a creator’s livestream to support them financially.
Badges are available in three different levels, costing $0.99, $1.99, or $4.99, and show up as one, two, or three hearts next to a commenter’s name during a livestream. Any questions or comments posted by a badge owner will be shown more prominently to a creator, and their Instagram name will appear on a list visible to a creator for up to 90 days. Instagram says it won’t take a cut of any revenue paid to creators until 2023, although a help page for the feature notes that Apple or Google take a 30 percent fee for in-app purchases on their respective platforms.
Instagram won’t take a cut until 2023
Although the feature is now widely rolling out in the US, not every Instagram user will be able to have their viewers start buying Badges. Eligible creators need to reside in the country, be over 18 years old, have a creator or business account on the platform, and have at least 10,000 followers. They also need to be in compliance with various Instagram policies and guidelines including its Partner Monetization Policies, Content Monetization Policies, and Community Guidelines.
If you fulfill all those criteria, you’ll find the option to “Set Up Badges” by going to “Profile” and then “Professional Dashboard.” You may need to apply for monetization if you haven’t already.



Last week, NASA announced that it was bumping back plans to send humans to the Moon from 2024 to 2025, but according to a new report, the delays could be even more significant. More realistically, such a landing will probably take place several years after 2024, the report claims. 
The recent prediction comes from NASA’s Office of the Inspector General, which does periodic audits of the space agency’s various programs. In its latest report, the OIG took a comprehensive look at NASA’s Artemis program, the agency’s ambitious initiative to send people back to the Moon, as well as land the first woman and the first person of color on the lunar surface.
NASA created the Artemis program during the Trump administration. In 2019, then-Vice President Mike Pence challenged NASA with speeding up the program’s timetable in order to land humans on the Moon in just five years. But Pence’s announcement was considered an incredible long shot. NASA’s Artemis program relies on a suite of complicated vehicles all working together to get astronauts safely to the Moon, including a massive new rocket called the Space Launch System, or SLS, that will send people to deep space inside a new crew capsule called Orion. Meanwhile, SpaceX is developing its next-generation spacecraft, called Starship, to carry people to and from the lunar surface for NASA — part of a $2.9 billion contract awarded to the company in April.
“we project NASA will exceed its current timetable for landing humans on the Moon.”
However, Starship is still in very early stages of development and has yet to launch to orbit. SLS and Orion also have not flown on their first flight together. The OIG report, released Monday, highlights these issues and reveals just how much work is left to be done on Artemis, making a 2024 landing date unrealistic. “Given the time needed to develop and fully test the HLS and new spacesuits, we project NASA will exceed its current timetable for landing humans on the Moon in late 2024 by several years,” the report states.
Just last week, NASA also admitted that the 2024 landing date isn’t going to happen. However, the agency simply moved the new target to 2025. NASA blamed the adjustment on various factors including delays from the COVID-19 pandemic, changes in scope to some of the programs, as well as an ongoing lawsuit that stifled development on SpaceX’s lunar lander. Rival space company Blue Origin had also hoped to receive a contract from NASA to develop a lunar lander, but when the space agency gave the award to SpaceX, the company sued in federal court. The lawsuit prevented NASA and SpaceX from working together on the lander until the litigation was resolved.
The OIG report notes that the lawsuit did have an impact on the overall schedule, but the office also argues that the development schedule for SpaceX’s Starship is overly optimistic. SpaceX CEO Elon Musk continues to make bold predictions for Starship’s first major test launch, claiming multiple times it’d be ready to fly to orbit for the first time this year. However, the OIG report estimates the first orbital flight test of Starship will occur sometime in the second quarter of 2022.
The document does argue that SpaceX may be able to shave off some time due to its speedy testing pace compared with earlier NASA spaceflight programs. But there is still quite a lot of work to be done after Starship’s orbital flight test. Starship’s design relies on the vehicle being refueled while in orbit, in order to have enough propellant to reach the Moon. SpaceX still needs to test out that capability, something it has never done before. Then it will have to do an uncrewed landing before doing one with people on board. All of these milestones, combined with many of the other programs that need to be finished, have the OIG estimating a lunar landing with people sometime in 2026 at the very earliest.
The OIG estimates that NASA will spend $93 billion on Artemis
It’s not just Starship’s schedule that is off target. The OIG report predicts that the debut of NASA’s SLS rocket and Orion combo will also be delayed. Right now, NASA is working toward a launch as early as February 2022 — a mission called Artemis I that will send the rocket and capsule on a weekslong trip around the Moon without crew on board. However, the Inspector General anticipates that flight will be pushed to summer of 2022 instead. Such a delay would not be unheard of for SLS and Orion, which were originally supposed to fly together as early as 2017.
Perhaps the most shocking finding of the report is the substantial price tag for the major Artemis programs. The OIG estimates that NASA will spend $93 billion on Artemis between 2012 and 2025. And each flight of SLS with Orion on top will cost roughly $4.1 billion. That’s about twice as much as an estimate from the White House Office of Management and Budget, which claimed SLS would cost more than $2 billion to fly each time.
The OIG report points the finger at how the SLS and Orion are contracted. The vehicles are being built by Boeing and Lockheed Martin, respectively, under a type of contract known as cost-plus. This method allows NASA to have substantial oversight in the development process and continue to provide additional funds to the contractors if things go over budget. Conversely, SpaceX’s Starship is being built through a fixed-price contract; NASA has less oversight through this method and provides one lump sum of money to SpaceX for development, while the company invests its own money to get the vehicle to the finish line. 
The OIG notes that using such fixed-price contracts could help NASA save on costs as it strives to send people to the Moon and eventually to Mars. “With the emerging capabilities provided by commercial partners, the Agency may have future options that can help control costs to meet its exploration goals,” the report states. However, without a more realistic schedule, it’ll be difficult to know the true costs and timeframe for the program going forward.

Digital tools like motivational text messages that try to nudge people to do more physical activity aren’t effective for poor people, according to a new meta-analysis. In one of the most comprehensive efforts to tease apart the impact of behavioral change programs on people with different income levels, the study authors showed that apps and wearables only helped bump physical activity levels for people with high socioeconomic status. 
The finding bolsters arguments that digital health interventions can end up widening health gaps between groups and that they’re designed for people with more money and more education.
The new analysis looked at 19 studies that tested whether things like text messages, web-based prompts, or wearable step trackers could nudge people to increase their levels of physical activity. Across all of the studies, the behavioral tools were not effective for people with low socioeconomic status, even when they worked well for wealthier people. That pattern held across every type of approach tested. 
Digital health tools are often described as ways to shrink health inequality because they can package useful health interventions into cheaper, easy-to-distribute forms. More and more people are gaining access to the tools and technologies (like phones and wearable devices) that deploy them. This study, though, indicates that even when people in high- and low-income brackets both have access to digital health tools, those tools don’t necessarily narrow health gaps.
The study authors point to a few reasons why that might be the case. People of lower socioeconomic status tend to have lower electronic health literacy, meaning that they are less able to use technology to improve their health. They may not be as able to navigate the physical activity tools or apply them as effectively. They may also not have as much time as wealthier consumers to do the types of things the digital tools suggest, like going for more walks or exercising more frequently. 
This analysis looked specifically at digital tools that aim to boost physical activity, but the study authors wrote that it’s reasonable to assume that there would be the same pattern in programs that target other types of health behaviors. As health becomes more and more digitized — with the adoption of electronic health records, introduction of more systems that track patients’ at home, and a shift towards telemedicine — figuring out how technological change exacerbates inequality is even more critical, the authors say. 
But even if the problem appears to be industry-wide, it might be difficult to convince the people developing digital health tools to figure out ways to ensure that their products benefit lower-income groups, the study authors wrote. The goal for most consumer-focused digital health companies is to make money, and their focus is often on the customers mostly like to buy their products. “The onus will likely be on researchers and public health advocates to address the discrepancy,” the authors wrote. 

Meta has sold 10 million Oculus Quest 2 headsets, according to Qualcomm CEO Cristiano Amon at the company’s 2021 investor day, giving the best benchmark yet for sales of Meta’s standalone VR platform since it launched last October. 
“Our technologies are the ticket to the metaverse,” Amon said, highlighting Qualcomm’s efforts to establish itself as a key player in VR and AR platforms, especially as the tech industry at large is so heavily emphasizing the metaverse concept.


Ooooh @Qualcomm's @cristianoamon is talking about #XR leadership and @Meta partnership as well as others like @Lenovo and says their technologies are the ticket into the #Metaverse says Quest 2 was 10 million units and that was @Snapdragon XR2  #QID2021 pic.twitter.com/JOcQ6iwcjw— Anshel Sag (@anshelsag) November 16, 2021



The news doesn’t come directly from Meta itself, but given that the Quest 2 relies on Qualcomm’s Snapdragon XR2 chipset to power its standalone VR hardware, Qualcomm does seem like it would have an accurate number for how many headsets have been sold. The previous benchmark for Quest 2 sales came from Meta’s voluntary recall of about 4 million headsets from over the summer, making today’s 10 million mark a significant increase. 
The 10 million mark for the Quest 2 is also particularly significant given Meta’s goals for growing a comprehensive VR platform: back in 2019, Meta CEO Mark Zuckerberg commented alongside the launch of the original Quest headset that 10 million users was a key threshold before the “ecosystem will just explode.” Andrew Bosworth, Meta’s VP of augmented and virtual reality, had also told UploadVR over the summer that he expected Meta to reach its goal of 10 million users “earlier than we had initially expected.”
After publication, a Qualcomm spokesperson reached out to clarify that the 10 million unit number that Amon stated on stage was “an average of third-party market size estimates from industry analysts, and wasn’t meant as an official disclosure of sales numbers by Meta or Qualcomm.”
Update November 16th, 2:52pm ET: Added clarification from Qualcomm, on the 10 million unit number, which had been stated by Amon on stage earlier without the qualifying details that it was actually a third-party estimate. 
Correction November 16th, 4:11pm ET: Meta’s VP of augmented and virtual reality is Andrew Bosworth, not Mark. We regret the error. 

Last month, a researcher for Meta prepared a talk for colleagues that they knew would hit close to home. The subject: how to cope as a researcher when the company you work for is constantly receiving negative press.
The talk had been approved to show at the company’s annual research summit for employees in early November. But shortly before the event, Meta’s legal and communications department determined that the risk of the contents leaking were too great. So it disappeared from the research summit’s agenda days before, along with another pre-taped talk describing efforts to combat hate speech and bullying. Both talks never saw the light of day.
The pulling of the talks highlights how a barrage of leaks and external scrutiny has chilled the flow of information inside the company formerly known as Facebook. Many of the changes appear designed to thwart the next Frances Haugen, who worked in the Integrity organization responsible for making the social network safer before she quit earlier this year, taking thousands of internal documents with her. Those documents served as the basis for a series of damning stories in The Wall Street Journal and dozens of other news outlets, including The Verge. Some of them, such as internal research showing Instagram and Facebook can have negative effects on young people, have led to congressional hearings and lawsuits. And as the bad press continues, Meta executives have argued that the documents were cherry-picked to smear the company and paint an incomplete story.
While the documents Haugen leaked haven’t yet caused Meta to make meaningful changes to its products, they’ve already left a lasting mark on how the world’s largest social network operates, particularly in its research and Integrity divisions. Ten of the 70 preapproved talks presented at the internal research summit a couple of weeks ago received a second, more stringent review to minimize leak risk. Senior leaders, including policy and communications chief Nick Clegg, have in recent months slowed the release of Integrity research internally, asking for reports to be reviewed again before they’re shared even in private groups. In some cases, researchers have been told to make clear what is defensible by data in their work and what is opinion, and that their projects will need to be cleared by more managers before work begins.
Last month, Meta rolled out a new “Integrity Umbrella” system designed to thwart leakers
Last month, Meta rolled out a new “Integrity Umbrella” system designed to thwart leakers. The Umbrella maintains a list of employees in Integrity and gives them automatic access to join private Integrity groups in Workplace, the internal version of Facebook used by employees. When it was introduced, several employees internally pointed out that the system wouldn’t have stopped Haugen, since she worked in the Integrity division when she gathered the leaked documents.
It’s not just the Integrity division that is locking down access to Workplace groups. The change has become so widespread that employees have taken to a group in Workplace titled “Examples of Meta Culture trending towards ‘Closed,’” where they’ve been posting screenshots of previously open groups they belong to being set to private.
This story is based on conversations with current and former Meta employees and internal Workplace posts from the past month obtained by The Verge. In response to this story, Meta confirmed that the company was making changes to internal communication. “Since earlier this year, we have been talking about the right model of information sharing for the company, balancing openness with sharing relevant information and maintaining focus,” said Mavis Jones, a Meta spokesperson. “This is a work in progress and we are committed to an open culture for the company.”
Culture shift
One of the core company values shared with new employees who join Meta is “Be Open.” 
“Informed people make better decisions and make a greater impact — so we work hard to ensure that everyone at Facebook can access as much information about the company as possible,” its recruiting website reads.  
The philosophy comes directly from Mark Zuckerberg, who, until around 2016, would regularly share sensitive information with all employees during a weekly town hall — the contents of which would rarely, if ever, leak. Facebook — now Meta — has been unusually open internally, especially by Silicon Valley standards where companies like Apple preach a culture of secrecy. One former employee with a long history of working in tech marveled to me when he joined Meta’s consumer hardware group and saw detailed product roadmaps for unannounced products in which he wasn’t involved.
You barely have to read the news nowadays to know that Meta has become perhaps the leakiest and most scrutinized company in the world. Many of the leaks stem from the historically free-flowing access employees have to Workplace, which behaves like a more sanitized version of the real Facebook with a similar penchant for making things go viral. At the same time, the company’s headcount has continued to grow steadily: over 68,000 people now work at Meta full-time, up from 17,000 people at the end of 2016. 
It’s within that context that Andrew Bosworth, one of Meta’s most powerful executives, wrote to employees one morning in late October.
“‘Be Open’ is one of our company values and I like to think that in my 15 years here I have lived up to that, if not even helped shape it somewhat,” he wrote in an internal post that was obtained by The Verge. “Perhaps it’s no surprise then that I am getting a lot of questions about my feelings as we reconsider how we manage information internally.” 
A close confidant of Zuckerberg, Bosworth is seen by many as a cultural torchbearer inside of Meta. A prolific and sometimes controversial writer, he has personally been the subject of numerous leaked memos over the years. And with his recent promotion to chief technology officer, he is now over the division that makes Workplace and sells it to other companies.
“Serendipitous discovery of information internally is not the value for us it once was”
“I would be remiss if I didn’t acknowledge that we also have lost some of the good faith that once bound us as well,” Bosworth wrote in the post titled “Information and Effort.” “But even without the consideration, serendipitous discovery of information internally is not the value for us it once was. Not only because the cost has gone up but because the value has gone down as the odds of stumbling on useful information diminish.” 
For many, Bosworth’s comments crystalized the reasoning behind the tightening of access to Workplace groups across the company: the employee base has grown too large to make the openness worth it. And even though Bosworth said in the comments that it wasn’t a response to a specific leak, it was clear the last few months of scandals had accelerated the change.
In Integrity, the new Umbrella tool created last month tries to strike a balance. It’s essentially a master list of employees in the Integrity organization, which now numbers just over 6,000, and people from related departments based on the company’s org structure, according to documents seen by The Verge. If you’re on the list, you are automatically approved to join a private Integrity group in Workplace for something like, say, combating fake accounts.
“The Umbrella encourages open collaboration while maintaining access to closed groups to individuals who work on Integrity issues as part of their day to day work,” one of the documents read. Others who need access to an Integrity group for a specific reason can request it through a specific form.
“I think it’s totally prudent and I think it will have a negative consequence for decision making”
Matt Perault, a former policy director for Facebook for almost nine years and current professor at University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, thinks that the policy is long overdue. But he also said there could be negative side effects, since fewer people will have access to information that could make them better at their jobs. “I think it’s totally prudent and I think it will have a negative consequence for decision making,” he told me.
Employees in Meta’s Integrity org agree. I looked through dozens of comments on a Workplace post from last month announcing the shift to closed groups in Integrity — news that was earlier reported by The New York Times. The overwhelming majority of commenters disapproved of the move to make Integrity groups private.
“This is [an] extremely worrisome decision,” wrote one senior engineer in the comments. “As someone who has worked both inside and outside of Integrity, I commonly see the lack of understanding of the Integrity space and challenges by the rest of the company. It hinders our efforts of building safe products with integrity by design. Sandboxing and isolating integrity discussions will further widen that empathy gap and could ultimately harm our users in the long run.” 
Others in the comments worried that walling off Integrity discussions on Workplace will marginalize the work and make it harder to collaborate with colleagues in other departments. Several made the point that the change could have the opposite of its intended effect by encouraging more leaks. 
“This could have a serious impact on employee satisfaction,” another engineer added, “and possibly lead to more leaks from disillusioned employees who have an incomplete view of FB’s work.”
You can read Bosworth’s full internal post from Oct 20th below:

Information and Effort
“On the one hand information wants to be expensive, because it’s so valuable. The right information in the right place just changes your life. On the other hand, information wants to be free, because the cost of getting it out is getting lower and lower all the time. So you have these two fighting against each other.” - Stuart Brand
I have written more than a few essays on the importance of open and effective communication. “Be Open” is one of our company values and I like to think that in my 15 years here I have lived up to that, if not even helped shape it somewhat. Perhaps it’s no surprise then that I am getting a lot of questions about my feelings as we reconsider how we manage information internally. 
A few years ago I wrote (in response to leaks) that those of us who communicate internally need to take care not to write less but rather to write more. As our audience grows and the threat of context collapse looms we must take care to write with complete context. The extra effort required is a natural impediment to the frequency and candor of communication but one I continue to encourage people to work through. I still believe this.
But communication is a two way street and today I want to talk about the other side of the coin. While most of my writing has gone into the art and importance of communicating, that is only half the story. There is also an art to gathering information. Each of us brings our own context (or lack thereof) to everything we stumble across and as the company grows we naturally have less of a shared understanding. We often may not even have sufficient context to ask the right question. And our misunderstanding can easily compound.
I would be remiss if I didn’t acknowledge that we also have lost some of the good faith that once bound us as well. But even without the consideration, serendipitous discovery of information internally is not the value for us it once was. Not only because the cost has gone up but because the value has gone down as the odds of stumbling on useful information diminish. 
If my previous advice in response to leaks is to be more intentional when writing, my current advice is that we must insist people be more intentional when reading. But reading and writing require asymmetric effort and so to accomplish that goal I believe we must manage our information more carefully. I would be disappointed if well-meaning people could not get access to information which had a legitimate chance of improving their work, but I don’t consider requesting access to such information to be too high a bar any more than I consider asking people to write more clearly to be too high a bar. These are the natural consequences of our scale and importance and to deny them would be to stick our head in the sand in an act of wishful thinking.
If Nothing at Facebook is Someone Else’s Problem then the problem of widespread context collapse belongs to all of us. I believe a culture can Be Open without access to information being entirely unfettered. We already have plenty of proof of that internally as there have always been areas where information was not shared broadly (matters of employment, of personnel, of acquisitions, etc…).
Closed groups simply don’t need as much context to be added to each post because people in these groups already share more. It is precisely to avoid the overlap between people without sufficient context and content without sufficient context. I think focusing our information ecosystems even has a chance of returning to us some of that serendipitous information discovery we once had. The chance that a random post from another group is useful to me is low and its presence crowds out some content that is closer to home and might actually make a difference to my work.
Those that want or need more information should be able to get it, provided it isn’t a category akin to the ones listed above. It will just take more effort. And in exchange I hope our internal dialogues are filled with more context and some of the burden of being pitch perfect can be shifted off of our authors. Because the alternative to this is that everything is open but nobody is talking. And that would be much worse.

Update November 16th, 3:15PM ET: An earlier version of this story incorrectly said that the talk about coping as a researcher was pre-taped and that a Workplace group titled “Examples of Meta Culture trending towards ‘Closed’” was recently created. We regret the errors. 

Cowboy Bebop is one of the most influential anime of all time, and now it’s a live-action series on Netflix as well. The new show — which stars John Cho, Mustafa Shakir, and Daniella Pineda — is based on Shinichiro Watanabe’s classic series and even features the return of composer Yoko Kanno. The translation to live action hasn’t been without its controversy, but if you want to keep up with the latest developments — reviews, trailers, and more — this is the place.

While this holiday shopping season may prove challenging for anyone hunting big-ticket items like gaming consoles and graphics cards, there are a plethora of great deals to be had on the two biggest shopping days of the year. Here at The Verge, our goal is to help you find the best prices on all your tech, gadget, and gaming needs during Black Friday and Cyber Monday. With most brick-and-mortar stores having reopened and online shopping still growing, we anticipate seeing lots of great savings offered from retailers like Amazon, Best Buy, Target, Walmart, Newegg, B&H, Costco, and more. 
We’ve been rounding up the best Black Friday deals and keeping an eye out for what is still the best to come, so you will know what’s on sale as soon as possible. Our expectations are set high in anticipation of saving you money over the long weekend on the top-quality products you want, from 4K TVs and high-end smartphones to headphones, smart speakers, and everything between.
Expect to keep seeing the latest deals from us, both here on the site and via our Verge Deals newsletter — which you should totally subscribe to. You might ask yourself, “How can I keep track of the latest sales and make sure I get the best price?” That’s easy. We will continually update this page with our Black Friday and Cyber Monday coverage, so you can check out the latest news, tips, and deals in one central hub. We’ll even try to help you find a PS5, Xbox Series X, and Nintendo Switch OLED model whenever we’re able, so be sure to also follow @VergeDeals on Twitter.

Netflix’s live-action adaptation of Avatar: The Last Airbender has kicked off production in Vancouver, and the show will be utilizing some notable tech to create its fantasy world.
Netflix says it has partnered with effects studio Pixomondo on a custom-built facility that’s 84 feet across, 28 feet high, and features 23,000 square feet of stage and more than 3,000 LED panels. It’s similar to the virtual sets utilized most famously by Disney on The Mandalorian. According to Netflix, the set “allows for visual effects to be done in real time in camera, combining multiple environments on a single stage.” The company calls it “one of the biggest virtual production volumes in North America.”
The upcoming adaptation has not been without controversy; last year Avatar creators Michael Dante DiMartino and Bryan Konietzko left the project citing creative differences. Albert Kim has since taken over as showrunner. This summer, Netflix revealed the initial cast for the show, and now the company has revealed three new roles: Paul Sun-Hyung Lee (Kim’s Convenience) as Uncle Iroh, Ken Leung (Star Wars: The Force Awakens, Lost) as Commander Zhao, and Lim Kay Siu (Anna and The King, Nightwatch) as Gyatso.
There’s no word yet on when Avatar is expected to hit Netflix.
